Friend A lost his wallet in the sea. Friend B gets it back up with a fishing rod first try.Without seeing A DAMN THING. I had a similar experience. I was swimming in the ocean at night when a large wave hit me and knocked my glasses off. They instantly disappeared into the black, swirling waves. Now I don't know if you know this, but good quality glasses run about $400 -500, not to mention I'm blind without them.

I screamed, "My glasses!" And my friend, who was swimming about ten feet away from me perpendicular to the shore, just reaches down into the water and says, "I got 'em." 

It was unbelievable.
And we were both tripping our asses off, too, so that made it seem even crazier.  OP was in a bathtub with his friend  I have a nearly identical tale of magic. I was in Florida vacationing alone, hanging out in the water when a giant wave knocked my glasses off and I couldn't find them. I left the water and started freaking out. Without them I was screwed because I had driven to the beach, and I can't drive without my glasses, and I wasn't with anyone who could help me. So I thought "that settles it then, I physically cannot allow my glasses to be lost".

So I walked back into the Atlantic Ocean and I fucking found my glasses.  Why are you guys swimming with your only means of seeing laid loosely on your face *in the fucking ocean*? Something similar happened to me at Myrtle Beach.  I lost a silver ring somewhere on the beach. When I went back two years later, I was playing with the sand and here my ring was right in my hand.  thats why it worked Once I was on a boat sailing down the Amazon river. Me and my friend were playing cards. One of the boat hands came by, saw the deck of cards, and just took it from us. Didn't shuffle or anything. He laid it face down, then started moving cards into another stack, one at a time, face down. Then, after a few, he started turning the cards face up. All four aces in a row.

Usually I can kind of tell how card tricks are done. This time...it was pure sorcery. And Nelson didn't speak a word of English so there was no way to know how he did it. He just walks away.

Then we start playing cards again, shuffling and everything.

Nelson walks by. Takes the deck.

Does it again. This is probably what aliens do on vacation. "Lol lets just use our xray vision sensor shits and pretend to be boat hands for fun".

I mean we do shit like fuck with our pets with laser pointers and flashlights right.  Two possibilities I can think of:


- Marked deck.  


This is the most likely solution.  Especially since the aces were the card chosen.


-  Brought his own aces. 


Not too hard to palm cards.  This would allow him to add the cards wherever he wanted.  This is less likely, since he'd need a deck with the same back color. Chemistry. It is pretty much alchemy and if you do it right... *magic.*

A lot of stuff we found out was chemistry today was treated as magic back then. Making fire happen with just dust or turning flames different colors with other dust are two big ones. Basically anything having to do with radio waves or the internet. Shit's insane. We got waves fucking floating around everywhere and we don't even know. The fuck?  There is invisible information just floating around out there. You can't see it or hear it but with the right tool you can translate those ethereal ones and zeros into videos of midget cats having sex.

Amazing. I think if I squint hard enough I can see them 

Edit: nope, just a couple cats having sex in my backyard  Come on, Dougal, we've been over this. Those cats aren't small, just far away. Looks like rain ted Whenever I think about this, I go crazy.  How the hell are people so smart that they could figure out how to store sounds/images/video/whatever onto their respective devices.  Electronics?   Lets jam metal pieces together and it can become alive!  *mind blown*


Thankfully there are brilliant people in the world, as if it were up to people like me, we'd still be living in huts, using spears and running around half-naked in the woods.  We all stand on the shoulders of giants, especially scientists [the placebo effect](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Placebo) is the closest to [this kind of magic](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sympathetic_magic) In my opinion, and would explain a lot.  I'm actually more impressed by the related 'nocebo effect.'  Your body does weird shit to itself all the time, sure.  That it can at least partially negate or mitigate the effects of actual medicine if you're convinced it won't work though?  That's pretty nuts. Yeah the human brain/body can do crazy shit seriously. That's a kind of magic.  Without a doubt for me, the City of Ubar.

This was a thriving city about 5000 years ago, people would travel from all over. The city became so corrupt and greedy and full of sin, that God decided to smite it. He simply eradicated the city, leaving nothing but a gaping crater.

In reality, the city was built around a bountiful oasis, it's the whole reason the city existed. It turned out the water had been coming from an underground network of Limestone caverns filled with water. As it became drained of water, it lost a lot of structural integrity, and collapsed, swallowing the city in a sinkhole. 

So to all observers of 3000 BC, the Earth simply opened up and swallowed the city. Without knowing the science behind it, it would seem like a completely indisputable act of God.  Ubar got FUBAR'd.

Thank you Gilder of jokes. &gt;a completely indisputable act of God.

Like the new Doritos flavors. "And the Lord said 'Let there be a new flavor of Doritos for man to enjoy whilst wrecking 13 year-olds on the new Call of Duty.' After creating, he took a swig, and saw that it was good" 

-The Book of xX360quickscopezXx 420: 6-9

EDIT: I wonder if r/montageparodies can make a Scrublord's version of the Bible someday. Codmandments

1) Thou shalt smite noobs.

2) Thou shalt refer to thy smited noobs as "scrubs."

3) Thou shalt not use telesoping optics or other vision-enhancing devices.

4) Thou shalt rotate an amount not beneath three-hundred sixty degrees before the smiting.

5) Thou shalt use only the Holy Rifled Tube of Sniping or the Divine Blades as the tools of smiting.

6) During thy smiting, thou shalt consume exclusively the Chip of the Holy Flavored Powder and the Green Liquid of Divine Energy.

7) After the smiting, thou shalt place thy genitals in the Scrub's face repeatedly.

8) After the genital-placing, thou shalt make salacious assertions about Scrub's mother, and detail thou's sexual acts with Scrub's mother.

9) To prepare the Scrub, thou shalt describe in detail thou previous conquests and smitings in an intimidating and impressive manner.

10) If thou ist ever offend by the Scrub, thou shalt question the Scrub's sexuality and assault the Scrub with verbal insults tailored to the Scrub's race, gender, and country of origin.

Edit: Thanks to [u/karsonic](http://www.reddit.com/user/karsonic) for "Codmandments"

Edit 2: WOW! Thanks, kind redditor for popping my Gold cherry! Going from the first heavier than air flight to landing on the moon in 60 years.  Ahh, I see you've been reading those old discontinued Federal textbooks We’ve replaced them with the corrected versions, explaining how the Apollo missions were faked to bankrupt the Soviet Union. I understand this reference  For those who haven't seen it yet...*Interstellar*. 
But seriously, go fucking see it. Shit's badass.  Little late Coop My mom manages to find every single thing I've ever lost in five minutes which takes me hours to find, if I can at all. I don't know how she fucking does it. The trick is that she was the one who moved/hid it in the first place. My mom always does this and whenever my dad can't find something,  he invariably says that mom "squirreled it away somewhere." He's usually right.  Fucking this, my mum hides shit all the time and takes pride in finding it again. Quantum Mechanics, where you can [change](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delayed_choice_quantum_eraser) the past and [move](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantum_tunnelling) through walls.

 "As quantum mechanics teaches us, anything can happen at any time for no reason"- Prof. Hubert J Farnsworth I usually don't correct somewhat misquoted texts, but yours has a completely different meaning than intended:

"But, as Deepak Chopra taught us, quantum physics means anything can happen at any time for no reason. Also, eat plenty of oatmeal and animals never had a war. Who's the real animals?" - Prof. Hubert J Farnsworth  Man, when I first found out about that Quantum Eraser experiment, it became the only thing I wanted to read about.  That is the craziest shit on the planet, and who knows what even more mind blowing discoveries will be made in our lifetimes!   Im on my phone so it's hard to look it up. Can you post a cliff notes versio of what this experiment is? Oh man, my laymans interpretation could never do it justice, but I will give it a go.  In the double slit experiment, if you shine light through two slits, one photon at a time, it will shine in a wave like pattern, as light is a wave.  But, if you place detectors so that you can tell which slit each photon goes through, it collapses the wave and causes the light to shine in a direct line through the two slits, since light is also a photon.  BUT, if you save the information on which slit the photon goes through on a computer, then erase that information after the experiment is over with, the light will shine in a wave like pattern, since no information exists as to which slit the photon went through.   

This is a long video going into the real nitty gritty of how the experiment actually works, but it looks like there are some shorter ones that are more accessible that are also up on youtube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H6HLjpj4Nt4  

tl;dr the factor of time has no impact on quantum mechanics. Can someone explain your explanation? Because I feel like you just said simply *knowing* which slit it goes through actually determines how the light is percieved. Conscious knowledge has nothing to do with it, and the "erase" part of the experiment is more involved than just wiping that file from your computer.

What matters is whether it's *physically possible* for the information to be determined. Whether there's any difference in any part of the state of the universe that distinguishes "The photon went through slit A" from "the photon went through slit B".

The "eraser" has to leave the world in a state where that's impossible to be known, not just "not known by humans".

In the end what it *actually* demonstrates is that photons are neither particles nor waves nor "both but at different times" - they don't flit around switching between the two depending on how we examine them because that would be *absurd* and require time travel sometimes. They have one consistent set of rules for how they behave at *all* times and it's not quite exactly like either of the simple models we came up with before we had the tools to investigate properly. i'm getting that feeling of looking at sciences ass while it walks by again... "Sure looks pretty, but I'm never going to get it" ? is there an ELI5 version of this? magic Gyroscopes. Look up gryoscope and you will understand why they are magical. As a physics major, it still defies my common sense and the logic behind how they work is bullshit.

[Relevant xkcd](http://xkcd.com/332/)

[Relevant gif](http://giphy.com/gifs/physics-science-gif-nanodash-11o77NN1UivDDa) You are the only one to have a xkcd comic so far, so I believe you implicitly. The internet. Writing a comment on this question probably from the other side of the world. The greatest invention of the future is the fact that halfway across the world I can instantaneously question someone's sexuality for something they said I didn't agree with   And probably question their intelligence based on their race and creed. And then press ctrl+shift+N and watch midget porn. Ctrl+Shift+N? What a pussy. I project it onto the side of my neighbor's apartment. Bitch please, I batman signal my midget porn onto the clouds, and use stage speakers so everyone else can hear it. I travel around in a blimp with a giant screen on the side so the whole world may view it in all its glory. I project mine onto the moon. [You should see the money shot.](http://images.fanpop.com/images/polls/48118_1201453749904_full.jpg) It's crazy to think that my past friends, old colleagues, old classmates might be reading this comment and I have no idea. It's connecting us once again but we will never know. On the other hand future friends, future colleagues, and maybe even my future SO is reading this comment right now and before we even meet, we made a connection already. Internet is weird man. Underworld here. I'm doing this via animal possession. Gravity.

Its constant acceleration even though there isn't always motion.  We are able to describe and predict how it works, yet we truly do not understand why it works. I think this has got to be the real mystery.  Gravity is such a weak force that I can easily pick my pen off the desk and yet this same force holds planets and galaxies together.  If that doesn't blow your mind nothing will. yep, weakest but longest-reaching force The more mass, the more likely I'm attracted to it. Check out my dating history.  Macaulay Culkin was in a *public* relationship with Mila Kunis...does that count? Dude has good drugs... Have you ever lost a guitar pick?I would like to know where the fuck they go!? As a guy learning the guitar. I hate that. It feels like I spend more time looking for that last pick I dropped then playing. As a girlfriend of a very avid guitarist, they are fucking EVERYWHERE. They block the laundry machine, they are between the wooden floor boards, they are in our bed, all over the place, in the kitchen, every 5th thing I pick up has a pick falling out of it. I also randomly stumble over them outside in our area. When I clean up I end up with a pile of them. And he's like "Oh awesome! Thanks!" and a week later "Damnit, I need a pick and can't find one".
It's basically the equivalent to a girl's hairpins. If you glued a pick to a hairpin you'd form a singularity.   Considering how cheap picks are, I usually just get like $5 of them and keep them in a little tin (I use an old Altoids box) and then I'm set for several months. If I lose one I just grab a new one. When the lost ones show up I put them back in the tin. I did this and managed to lose the box the picks were all in.  Maybe try glueing the box down. Desk will vanish while he blinks. Just take he disappearance of picks as a part of life and move on. &gt;Desk will vanish while he blinks.

They are fast, faster than you can believe. Don't turn your back, don't look away and don't blink. There was this time a friend and I were just tossing some balled up socks back and forth while chatting to kill time, waiting on a friend. He threw it a bit high, it bounced off my fingertips, and was never seen again. We tore up the whole room looking for it, but it was gone. So that was pretty magical.

Edit: So my friend just reminded me of something else. This summer he spent a few weeks at my house, and we were gonna go on a camping trip for a part of the time he was in town. We both were playing around with these awesome knives we both had, and then one morning, mine was gone. Forever. It's been 4 months, no trace. The goblin king took it. Needed something to stuff that bulge out with.

Edit - great one of my highest rated comments is about Bowies prominent cock. That's all bowie, babe.  Source: the man who fell to earth.  Look, maybe my balls don't itch. 



All balls itch! It's a fact! 

 Hi.  With the power of vodoo.... Who do? Maybe there is a monkey hiding in your vents who is also taking your pens.  If Annie's boobs were in my house, I'd sure as hell find them. Dobby caught it and became a free elf. It must be next to all those pencils I dropped. /r/Glitch_in_the_Matrix I hate this sub. It used to be good but now most of the posts are just "lost my keys and found them in a weird place OMG so glitchy!" I just enjoy the pictures of two people wearing the same thing in the same place, its basically what that sub is useful for nowadays. 

edit: wording What annoys me is trying to give "scientifical" explanations involving crossing dimensions and quantum mechanics like it's fucking basic arithmetic. Nah man, our universe just folded in half and the sock crossed sides.
 Your friend is fucking with you. It hit off of my hand, and either way we both checked each others person, and didn't allow each other to leave the room. It was some hocus-pocus, Harry Potter, rabbit out a hat magic. Did you check his foot  That is actually the most reasonable response anyone has posited. I will ask and get back.

Edit: He said no I'm pretty sure David Blaine's an actual witch.  eff you David Blaine! It's orange soda in my mouth! How did you get it in my mouth!? Cheez Its!! Cheez Its!! Because he turned me into a newt Well, I got better... *"Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic."*

-Arthur C. Clarke

So, the answer to your question depends on what time in the history is taken into context. Some of random picks,

- In 15th century, it'd be Printing (actually a German printer was accused of witchcraft for one of the first printed copies of Bible.)

- Probably Steam engine for 18th century.

- Electromagnetic induction for 19th century.

- Breaking of Atom for 20th century.

- May be Quantum Entanglement for our times. I'd settle for headphone unentanglement for our time.  I just learned about this for a paper I had to write, but there's a deeply rooted cultural belief in Haiti that voodoo sorcerers can turn people into zombies to obey their will. And it's not entirely unfounded, as someone went over to study this whole phenomenon and discovered the drug these sorcerers have been using for decades that simulates the death of a victim for a period of time before reviving them, allowing the sorcerer to convince them that they're dead and no longer have free will. It's pretty fascinating that this kind of drug actually exists. I'll see if I can dig up some sources. 

Edit: [Here's the article I had to read for the assignment. It's a pretty interesting look into the Haitian cultural beliefs of the zombies.](http://www.iupui.edu/~anthkb/e445/readings/delguercio.pdf) Computing in general.  Coding is analogous to writing a spell. You can use it to bring robots to life or divine an answer to a question.  

Most importantly, 99% of people have no idea how any of it works.  It might as well be magic. &gt; Coding is analogous to writing a spell.

Yeah, except that last time I played Skyrim I didn't have to sit around for 2 hours trying to figure out why Fireball won't cast. After you master fireball you can call it with 

    castSpell(Fireball); (Spell)object

Casting spells is easy! That's just a fucking function, where is the fucking code? Somewhere else in the file, and obfuscated. Like I would give my level 99 fireball spell to a mere mortal like you. and not properly commented. There is no way obfuscated code would be commented... Just saying. Misleading comments could technically be part of obfuscation.  I once saw a particularly strange bit of code with the comment:

    //ignore this, probably does nothing

No idea what it did. Probably nothing. sum(myredditcareer); My contention is that literally nobody knows how it works, from start to finish. It has gotten so incredibly complex that there is likely no one person who could, for example, start with raw earth materials and turn them into Facebook. 

The knowledge of computing is so complicated that it is necessarily fragmented across hundreds of specialties, each with a thousand sub-specialties. For every one thing any given expert knows, there are a million things (s)he is entirely clueless about. Hell, the expert may not even know many of those things *exist.*  &gt; Most importantly, 99% of people have no idea how any of it works. It might as well be magic.

or when the code won't work without a piece of code that we don't really know what it does "It's Levi-OH-sah, not Levio-SAH."

But why? Why does it matter? Why does a minor quirk of pronounciation matter? What difference does swish-and-flick versus flick-and-swish really make? *Why does any of that matter?* It shouldn't, but if you don't do those extra steps then either something terrible will happen or nothing will happen at all. 

Just like coding.  She's a nightmare, honestly, it's no wonder that she doesn't have any friends.  I think she heard you. There's definitely a jump between the hardware and software that may as well be magic for all I understand it, and I had to take a whole module on CPUs and ALUs at university.  Three words: *fucking operating systems*

That shit does so much abstraction it might as well be black magic.  Even programming languages by themselves abstract away a ton of stuff. Even the most basic, "low-level" ones like C - the model of computing they have you thinking in is a crude approximation of a late 60s CPU, it completely abstracts how modern CPUs work. Higher-level languages turn this up to 11, and I'm willing to concede that functional programming languages may actually be magic. A plane disappears and nobody got a clue where it is  Wormhole into space with aliens on mars on saturn The people on it are the future five dimensional human beings who will reveal themselves to us through a time tesseract soon.  The smartphone. Think about showing it to someone even from 150 years ago. You can talk to someone across the country, send letters to them, post to random people across the world, find out the answer to any questions, take pictures, moving pictures, buy things and have them at your doorstep the next day, send money instantly, bump someones phone to share a photo, and the porn, etc.

I mean I would go on but you're probably reading this on a smartphone. &gt; you're probably reading this on a smartphone.

Witch! My favorite reddit comment of all time was about this. The question was something like "If someone from the 1950s were here today what would be the hardest thing to explain it them about life today?"

The top comment (whoever wrote this is a beautiful bastard) said: "I possess a device, in my pocket, that is capable of accessing the entirety of man's knowledge. I use it to look up pictures of cats and get in arguments with strangers". Pure. Gold.
 &gt;and the porn
[Edited formatting] (If you want to quote something put a &gt; in front of it) 

Like this: &gt; This

With out the space.

You will get 

&gt;This Everyone is talking about modern inventions, and they are impressive, but I like to think about how [the Hagia Sophia](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/22/Hagia_Sophia_Mars_2013.jpg) looked to the people of Constantinople. It was built by the Byzantines at the height of their empire and was undoubtably the most impressive structure in the entire world. Then the empire collapsed and the engineering knowledge that built the church was lost. So for hundreds of years, generations of people lived in a city dominated by a building that no one on the planet understood. When we look at "magic" like iPhones and computers, some part of us knows that somewhere in the world is a group on engineers that understands every little bit of it. But not the Hagia Sophia. For hundreds of years these people worshiped in a building so advanced that they didn't even understand how it stood up. Reading about stuff like this makes The Foundation series so interesting to me Michael Jordan in Game 5 of the 97 Finals Life is pretty magic if you think about it. Consciousness in itself is absolutely insane. We're the only known beings with the ability to understand and expand in our surroundings. We have created a meaning to everything out there. Consciousness has to be the single most mystifying thing. And if you think about it, the only one thing you can be sure exists.

We are aware. There is no denying that. But we can't be sure of the content of awareness. Could all be an illusion. The demon core. 

This is a metal orb resting in four metal blocks underneath it. It sits, innocuous, as you encase it in the rest of the blocks that clearly make up its container until suddenly it flashes a bright blue light. 

Then whoever was closest becomes terribly sick and dies within days. Anyone else too close may eventually fall sick, but only he who dared encase the foul object is thus cursed. 

If anything, a thousand years from now, is going to match a fantasy novel: it's finding such a thing in a bunker.  &gt;Everyone else in the room died years later

This is always true of everyone in any room Pills. They work like potions would :P to an extent Nuclear science. It's actually a text book definition of alchemy, you can turn lead into gold. Also radioactive substances have inspired religious movements (goiania accident) and the destructive power of the atomic bomb has been likened to the wrath of god (Robert Oppenheimer). In my experience, shrooms. Tupac's hologram Magnets. How do they even work bro? The iron still has tiny bits of gravity stuck inside when it's dug up from the ground.  /r/shittyaskscience I dunno, sounds more legit than the other explanations I've read. Feels more like /r/explainlikeimcalvin The study of Wumbology I was taking Tony Hawk Underground 2 out of my cousins ps2. I dropped it and went to pick it up and I couldn't find it. I looked everywhere, finally we decided to stop looking. So we opened up the black cd book to get a game to play and it was in the 3rd page of the damn book. As far as either of us knew he only had 1 copy of the game.  My friends who are broke still deal with dealers, my friends who have jobs generally just swing by a shop if they need it.  My friends who are broke usually smoke a lot more than my friends who have jobs. Is it significantly more expensive when you buyit legally? To some people yes, to others, for ease no.  For how much I make and my friends make, I'd rather spend an extra 20-30$ to walk into a store instead of having to play tag with a dealer to find something.  I don't smoke anymore but that's the mind set of people with money. Exactly, it's the convenience of the store. It's always in the exact same place, with the same hours every day. It doesn't call you and say, "hey man, I'll be about 30 minutes late to our already late as hell 10:30 pm meeting," and then show up at midnight.  I've known great dealers who were just like a store. Open pretty much all hours, except early morning, variety in the selection, great prices. Call ahead and swing by anytime and he got you. You can get a good look at a T-bone by sticking your head up a butcher's ass... No, wait. It's gotta be your bull. Guess that is why they are broke, generally Poverty is a bit cyclical in nature Reasons to get it legally:

* Legal
* Support tax programs
* Regulated ( No made up strain names, no getting ripped off on weight, ect)
* Always have product available for sale during standard business hours
* Larger variety to pick from
* Edibles
* Safer/less sketchy

Reasons to get it illegally:

* Avoid paying a *high* tax
* Can purchase during non business hours
 To add to the last point in your first list, it also feels really good not to potentially be supporting some criminal gang further up the line. Washington Redditor here. I do buy my marijuana legally now. You have some excellent selections to choose from and staff is very knowledgable. Yes its more expensive, but I dont smoke nearly as much as I did in the past. If i was going through a quarter or so a week, It would be far too much money invested. But I go in maybe every two weeks, pick up 2 or 3 grams and smoke it sparingly. A brothers friend owns our local shop, and I choose to support him. Prices should go down as a more consistent supply chain develops.  Washingtonian here. 

Please, people: don't skirt this process. Prohibition just ended and it will take time for the economics of the market to settle. Right now, retail marijuana is more expensive. But the taxes aren't the problem. It's the new costly supply chain. Marijuana is a weed. In time, its production will be scaled and the cost of production will plummet, as will retail prices. But we won't get there if no one supports the retail establishments. Most of the weed being retailed is very high quality. You don't need to smoke giant spliffs of this stuff and roll through hundreds of dollars a month. Get a good pipe and do one-hits. A few grams should last you a long time. 

Ending prohibition was a long hard battle. By refusing to support retailers you could be dooming the entire process. How about this: buy retail, smoke less, and recommend others do the same. In 3-4 years you'll see the prices drop to a reasonable level. Give the process a chance. 
 No, because it is twice as expensive to buy legally. I have a dealer who has a med card. Medicinal weed (which is exactly the same as recreational) is not taxed. If I want an eighth legally, top shelf will run me about $50 but if I talk to my friend/dealer he will go pick me up a top shelf eighth from a medical dispensary for $25.

That being said, I am a stoner, so sometimes I go dankrupt and my dealer is not available, so I will run down the street and pick up just a little bit to hold me over until I can get more from my dealer.

EDIT: Also, Washington state residents will be able to contribute here too! And pretty soon so will Alaskans, Oregonians (I think that's right) and Washington DC-ians... &gt;dankrupt

Do you file for this under chapter 4-20? you're supposed to, but usually I'm too high to remember how to... Just declare it loudly I..DECLARE...DDANKKRRUUPTTCCYY! &gt;dankrupt

word of the year Very confused at the amount of people with out this word in their repertoire then I noticed this wasn't r/trees Ain't nobody got the funds for $100 quads when you can get medical $75 half oz  You guys are making me so sad with these posts about how legal is expensive, that's street price where I'm from. I would die for $25 an eighth. you misspelled "mexican narcostate" up there. My aunt (never met her) is part of a cult in Texas. A couple of my cousins, her daughters, got out and were basically shunned by the community. My aunt told my cousin that she would go to her wedding and then before the wedding she sent a letter to my cousin that she wasn't going anymore because the marriage was damned to Hell. She also told her sister, my other aunt, that she got sick (had cancer) because she didn't believe enough. 

My cousins are very successful now and work hard but damn, they went through some crazy brainwashing as kids. I've been waiting for this thread my entire life.

I grew up involved with the Quiverfull movement, a type of Christian Fundamentalism that involves having a bunch of children, home education, extremely modest dress including headcoverings, the practise of "courting" and "bethrothals" (basically semi-arranged marriages taking place as soon as the girl was old enough to marry), and something called "Christian patriarchy", wherein the father is viewed as a sort of mini god.

I grew up attending a small Christian school run by the local Independent Fundamentalist Baptist church, where every student was Quiverfull. We were required to wear extremely modest clothing (ankle length skirts, hemlines that covered the base of our necks, etc. We had wardrobe checks multiple times each day.)

Each morning we pledged allegiance to the Christian Flag and to the Bible. It's been years, but I can still recite both pledges by heart. Then we recited the chapters of the Bible we were working on. Yes, I did say chapters. We memorized several books of the Bible (Jonah, all of Paul's epistles, most of Genesis, Daniel, a decent amount of Leviticus and I think the Gospel of Mark.)

Our schoolwork was primarily books published by Abeka, BJUPress and ACE. Our textbooks claimed that 
no transitional fossils had ever been found
the Loch Ness Monster had been proven to be real and was a plesiosaur
the Great Depression never happened but was just a myth made up by the socialists
slavery was a win-win solution for all involved
dinosaurs breathed fire
the KKK were great dudes who got a bad rap
the trail of tears was actually super great
outer space wasn't real because if you blew on a pile of baby powder, a new planet wouldn't form (this was demonstrated)
the Liberals don't believe in personal responsibility
the world is about to be attacked by the floating Space Jerusalem

We never covered much actual math, science, etc. Learning the truth about the government's plan to kill Holocaust the Christians was seen as much more important. 

For one year the girls also took Christian Charm. This was primarily about how God really, *really* cares about whether your chest is 10 inches largest than your waist or not. Girls were forbidden from standing with their feet parallel, "like a man's", instead having to keep our feet at ridiculous and painful angles. We couldn't walk without being careful to "glide gracefully" and avoid "swishing" our knees. We were forbidden to not smile, but our smiles were never big enough, or they were too big. 

There wasn't much time for real schoolwork anyway, since we were all so busy being punished for having an ungodly facial expression, and forced to spend the rest of the school day standing on our tiptoes on one foot in the corner.

In fourth grade my parents chose to pull me out and homeschool me. We joined a local homeschool group filled with Quiverfull homeschoolers. My parents had gone to a different church, one which was very Charismatic (we spoke in tongues, exorcised people, "healed" with prayer) but not necessarily quite so extreme as the IFB school I had been sent to. However, as my father became more violent (he had a lot of mental issues and was an extreme hoarder), my mother (who was a borderline hoarder and very depressed, so much so that for the first ten years of my life she barely left her bed except to use the washroom) became more and more heavily sucked into this subculture.

My parents had already gotten rid of most TV channels over concerns about evil spirits and only allowed us to read a few classic books, but after this my mom first stopped allowing us to read anything non-Christian, then banned novels altogether. We began being forbidden to see anyone who did not go to our church or homeschool group. Since my parents never really started teaching, and I had little access to books and at the time no internet, this left little to do all day aside from copy out Bible verses and stare out the window for hours. Time sort of stopped meaning anything.

We became more into the Biblical patriarchy thing, where my father was seen as the head of our household and a sort of direct representative from god who women were to serve and obey in every way. You weren't supposed to express any kind of wishes or desire, but leave it up to your husband/father to make all decisions for you. (if you were his daughter, this included selecting your husband--girls were expected to be stay at home daughters, serving their fathers, until marriage) Biblical femininity was emphasized, which in this case basically meant long skirts and not having opinions or desires, except to serve whatever man God chose as the best "helpmeet" possible. 

For a couple of years my mom, who was herself a *nurse* stopped allowing us to take medicine, believing it to be witchcraft. She became more and more crazed about the idea of demons trying to attack her and our family. 

Unfortunately, I was born with a birthmark on my leg. She believed that this made me Satan. My father and mother both searched for ways to fix this. I've been exorcised, had oil poured over me, had everything I owned burned, etc. It apparently didn't work.

After my father died we were at least spared his extreme violence, but my mother became only more unhinged and depressed. She mostly gave up on her idea of me as Satan, but became absolutely obsessed with the idea of Satan attacking our family. This belief is reinforced by our church and all the Charismatic material she reads. She even abandoned our homeschool group, believing it to not be concerned enough about how demons are possessing everyone.

Our church is obsessed with spiritual attacks, which are seen as stemming from absolutely everything. Anne of Green Gables? Witchcraft! Christian music? Actually sung by Satanists, filled with subliminal Satanic messages! Cabbage patch dolls? Demons who stay still when we look at them! (I'm 100% serious) The only way to ward this off is speaking in tongues, making prophesies, etc. A few people in my church believe they hear the voices of demons in their head, and said demons are chasing them. I've been there as we've all laid hands on people and prayed for them to be liberated from the demonic oppression in their lives.

I...don't really have an end to this story. I still live with my mother and sister. I still go months without seeing anyone who isn't from my church. I still have no real education, although since I can now access the internet (it's monitored, but my mother doesn't know incognito mode is a thing, so I can secretly read Homeschoolers Anonymous, No Longer Quivering, things about atheism and reddit) I've been trying to learn some math through Khan Academy. I have hope of eventual escape, even if I have no idea how just yet. 

http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2h31pq/eli5_the_quiverfull_movement_among_some_christian

http://www.patheos.com/blogs/nolongerquivering/

http://www.patheos.com/blogs/lovejoyfeminism/christian-patriarchyquiverfull

http://homeschoolersanonymous.wordpress.com/ I quit my crossfit gym a month ago. They're still trying to pull me back in.  Does marching band count as a cult? Is mayonnaise a cult? Back when I was younger I got involved with a cult of sorts. It wasn't a freaky suicide cult like Jonestown or Heavens Gate. Now, there was your typical charismatic leader who claimed to have supernatural powers and promised us gifts in the afterlife, but for the most part he never did anything sketchy. Mostly we just followed him as he gave sermons on the street. I don't know what exactly got me into the cult. Times were different back then and the idea didn't seem so crazy. Part of it was that a lot of my friends got into the group and I just followed them. A much larger part of it was that there were always a ton of hot girls around. And at that point in my life, I didn't have much to hold on to, and he gave me something to believe in. It might have been a load of shit, but at that point in my life, it gave me a sense of purpose I had always been looking for. Anyways, as the cult grew larger, we started to attract the attention of local law enforcement and politicians. They were weary of the power he was amassing in town and they were looking for a way to bring him down. The group had gone into town to watch our leader give a sermon in the main marketplace. His sermons often got angry, but today was different. Today, he was violent and outraged. He spewed venemous rants about the evils of consumerism and the perversion of faith in society. The sermon reached a fevered pitch and the crowd erupted. They began to riot. They burned cars, looted stores, and just caused general destruction. The police showed up and arrested everyone on the scene. I got caught along with about a dozen or so other people, but our leader escaped the scene before the cops arrived. The police knew he was there and they wanted to bust him for it, bad. They tried to get the followers they captured to testify that he had started the riots, but no one would admit he had been there. Well, almost no one. You see, I had a weakness. My mother. She was up to her eyes in debt. She was constantly struggling to make her mortgage payments. My dad had died recently and she barely had the strength to go out and go shopping for herself, let alone get a job at her age. They found my weakness. They told me if I didn't testify, I would be in jail for 5-10 years. That was 5-10 years my mom would go without any help. She would have to sell her house. The house my grandfather built. The house she was married in. The house she raised her kids in. I couldn't do that to my mother. They told me if I helped them, they would arrange for a reward if I gave up his whereabouts. So I agreed to testify. Now, they didn't know where he had been hiding, and I didn't either. But once they let me out, I would be able to find him again, and I could lead the police to him. But if I was the only one released, it would look suspicious, so they released everybody. Soon, we found his new hiding place and I relayed the adress to the cops. The next few hours while I waited for the police to show up were the most nerve wracking moments of my life. They bust down the doors while we were all sitting down to dinner. In the middle of our fucking meal they kick down the doors in SWAT gear and drag our leader out. The guilt must have shown on my face like a neon light, because as they dragged him out he looked at me and he knew. It was one of the worst moments of my life. I was so burdened by the guilt I entered into a depression. Every single person I knew hated me. I had never been so alone in my life. I tried to make things right, but it was too late. The judge was so corrupt that he ended up getting the death penalty for some bullshit charges the cops made up. Watching his execution was brutal. Anyways, he came back from the dead three days later and he was pissed. AAAALLLL BYYYYY MYYYYYSEEEEEEEEEELF While crying on the toilet. OOOBAAAAMAAA'S EEEEEEELF [Guile's theme song]( http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=JGw8DWctAts) Beat it - Michael Jackson  *Don't wanna be a boy, you wanna be a man* *Don't wanna see no blood, don't be a macho man...* Just Beat It, Beat It, Beat It, Beat It

No One Wants To Be Defeated


Showin' How Funky Strong Is Your Right

It Doesn't Matter, Don't Grip Too Tight

Just Beat It, Beat It


Just Beat It, Beat It

Just Beat It, Beat It

Just Beat It, Beat It If I play Pink Floyd's The Wall during, it syncs up perfectly. You take 2 hours to jerk it? You could say he gets comfortably numb. you don't? The Rains of Castamere Meow meow meow meow meow meow.  [Queen - Don't Stop Me Now.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HgzGwKwLmgM) This is the only answer. 

"Whoa, whoa, whoa, EXPLOODE!" Eye of the tiger.

*So many times, it happens too fast*

*You trade your passion for glory*

*Don't lose your grip on the dreams of the past*

*You must fight just to keep them alive* O fortuna. For that orgasm of the apocalypse feel. Careless Whisper - George Michael  Yakkity Sax Just a loop of children crying. Or laughing maniacally  [John Cage's 4'33"](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/4%E2%80%B233%E2%80%B3) Shake it Off by Taylor Swift. Darude - Sandstorm. I was 17 and my ex got cashback at the supermarket. I was genuinely confused at the concept and asked him why they gave out free money out of the tills. A few months later I nearly ate the little red ball out of a dishwasher tablet at his house because I thought it was a sweet.

And it was during that relationship I realised that despite my excellent grades at school, I am not a smart lady. &gt;  I was genuinely confused at the concept and asked him why they gave out free money out of the tills

Well that's... not great

&gt; I nearly ate the little red ball out of a dishwasher tablet at his house because I thought it was a sweet.

Oh howay man. I was always told I was very above average smart by my parents growing up and I believed them when they made excuses for my bad grades. I was utterly convinced about my intelligence until I went to college and realized that I was completely average, and instead of working hard to become actually smart I had accepted being mediocre because I didn't know any better.  Opposite side of the same coin here. I've always known I'm average intelligence, but my parents/teachers always thought I was smarter as I always got top grades. Nope, I just worked my butt off to get there. The other students were wittier, had more insight, could draw better conclusions than I, they just didn't do the work.  I was the kid that copied off your paper.  Not sure where that leaves me. Lazy and not smart When I was 10 I read an encyclopedia article about "mental retardation" and for a short time it convinced me I was "retarded" because I had "social problems" and fantasized about running away from home. It was an older encyclopedia.  &gt; When I was 10 I read an encyclopedia article about "mental retardation"

&gt; I was "retarded"

I don't know many 10 year old retards who are capable of that. 
 'At age twelve, I completed the The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders and confirmed my mental retardation. I truly am a fool' About nine years ago, I had a Cardiac Incident.  While I came through it fine with no lasting problems and but a very small chance of repetition, I did have to make some changes.  One of those changes was cutting out all caffeine, except for incidental.  Coffee bad, obviously, but the trace amounts of caffeine in chocolate was okay, for example.  Anyway, this was quite the change, as four or five cans of coke or pepsi per day was normal, if not more.

Over time, I realized I wasn't as sharp as I had been.  Wordplay, one of my favorite things, did not come as easily.  Crossword puzzles became frustrating annoyances instead of a challenging way to spend Sunday morning.  I couldn't honestly keep up with my friends, a problem I had never had before.  In effect, I wasn't as clever... I had become stupid.

It took me years to figure out that the caffeine had either actually let me think clearer and better, or made me think I did.  Honestly, I still feel less-than-smart than I did.

I have no idea if I really AM stupider, however.  At times it bothers me.  I'm what one might call "good in the books, but not very smart." 

From a young age, I did pretty well in school (except in math). My parents were really proud, like most parents probably would have been. However, it was when I was around 16 that I noticed that I knew things... But I couldn't *use* things. I was only good at memorization and reading things really quickly. I could hardly apply anything I had learned, and I didn't really have many opinions. In addition, I've always been really awkward socially and my thought process is either so linear that I ignore details, or so jumbled I don't even know what's going on. I can't articulate things very well, and a lot of the time I'm not even aware of my own thoughts. I can use big words and write a sentence, but I can't argue or debate. I understand that intelligence comes in many forms, and that everyone has their own strengths and weaknesses, but despite this, I think my only strength is in regurgitation of facts. I guess I'm sort of like an encyclopedia, just with more arms and some skin.

How has it affected my life? Horribly. Once I realized that I wasn't on the same level as most people, I spent *years* putting myself down. I had no self-esteem, and for a while I was even suicidal. But after some time to myself I realized that it's okay to not be smart in the same way other people are. What's *not* okay was me constantly invalidating my every thought and action because I believed I wasn't as important as other people, and also invalidating others because their intelligence wasn't in a place that made it immediately noticeable.

I may not be able to use the things I learn in an effective way, but I still want to learn as much as I can. There's something to be learned from everyone. *Everyone* has a story and a unique set of experiences. Listen to them, observe them, learn from them. You really do learn something new every day, but only if you pay attention.  Do the best you can, and always looks for ways to improve.

**TL;DR: A camel peed on me once as a child** There's a [cognitive bias](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunning–Kruger_effect) that suggests that stupid people overestimate their own intelligence and believe themselves to be much smarter than their intelligent counterparts. 


So really anyone who answers your question is probably a smart cookie.  The Dabbler. He has minor training in all possible skills, from quantum mechanics to fly fishing. That would actually be pretty useful. Note the minor training.  Would you want your neurosurgery performed by the guy who took a couple of classes?  But he did stay at a Holiday Inn "Hello Frank the human boy"

"How did you almost know my name!?"

"I have approximate knowledge of many things"

One of my favorite scenes from Adventure Time. Jack of all trades, master of none.

Is often better than a master of one. Manman. Bitten by a radioactive man, he develops the powers of a man.  Sounds about as useful as Moon Moon. Moderate man, if someone gets riled up, too emotional he just strolls through and everything gets settled down. No joy, no crying, no anger, no nothing. just moderate. Sooo...[this guy](http://youtu.be/fzF3OyRYX7I)? He has a name! It's "Snack Man" and he's a better super hero and makes more sense than Superman.  Craig
He cooks a pretty good pancake And he has a cool list. The Wall- he can turn into a brick wall at any point. But only once. and he can't turn back.  Sorry, name's already taken http://www.burntweiners.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/spidey_wall.jpg Why is Spiderman wearing his costume on his day off?  "OH GOD! HELP US SPIDERMAN!"

"Sorry, it's my day off. Can't you see my casual hat?" Why the fuck is that high schooler wearing a lab coat to build a fucking wall? Why are their beakers and shit nearby this wall they're building? Is it inside out outside? And who is this *Joshua* anyways?  "Correct Pants Length Man"; any pants he tries on are the always the right length. Passive Aggressive man, slightly grumbles at people who don't close their blinds on their homes.   "The Joker is about to poison Gotham's water supply! Do something PA man! " 


*begins writing a letter to stick on the Joker's car after he's sure the Joker is asleep* that'll learn him  So like every non confrontational person ever No, that's okay. Whatever. The cape's *fine*. Person Man, Person Man  
Hit on the head with a frying pan  
Lives his life in a garbage can  
Person Man Is he depressed, or is he a mess?

Does he feel totally worthless?

Who came up with Person Man?

Degraded man, Person man. 'Who's that guy in destitution,  
Deep disdain and persecution,  
Breathing in his own pollution,  
Stealing what he can?

*Who's that shape of degradation -*  
*Moral, social implication;*  
*That unpleasant contemplation,*  
*Sleeping in his van?*

Who's that schizophrenic, aimless,  
Desperate, dirty, shocking, shameless,  
Roving beggar, numb and nameless?  

.. Why, that's Person Man.'

^^:(
 Eczemaboy - When situations get tense, he breaks out in a flakey itchy rash and has to go home to put ointment on.  toilet-paper man. saving citizens time and time again when they run out of a roll. he endeavours to stop the world's ass from breaking out in a rash.  And his sidekick condom man, Always ready with a condom to help a bro out. WARNING: Do not confuse Condom Man with Condiment Man, who carries a wide arsenal of sauce and dressings. Unfortunately, he is slightly hard of hearing and it tends to lead to awkward situations... Captain Narcolepsy.

Able to fall asleep anywhere at anytime without warning. Mildly annoyed man. I am drawn to protest and magically produce signs reading things like "Careful now" and "Down with this sort of thing".  Procrastination man! He'll help you with your problems later! Literal guy. He repels puns, facetious, and allegory with swift justice.  The first couple weeks of boot are full of medical and dental exams, and if you need a procedure, you get it done right there. Tons of guys had their wisdom teeth pulled, and we had one guy come back right before lights out with his mouth full of gauze and loopy from the drugs.

Our DI called us all to the center of the room, formed us up, and then told us to sit Indian style on the floor, and that Recruit Toothy was going to tell us a bedtime story. 

He pulled up a chair for Toothy, and then told him to tell us the story of the battle of the Monitor and Merrimac. Toothy mumbled that he didn't know the story, so the DI told him to just make it up, and for every fact that he got right, we'd get to sleep an extra 5 minutes in the morning. 

What followed was like a live episode of Drunk History, minus any factual accuracy. As best as Toothy could recall, the Monitor was British, the Merrimack was "Old Ironsides", and that in the end, "they shot the shit out of each other and everybody died. The end."

We were all dying laughing, but the DI sat there stone faced. After Toothy was done, DI just stood up and said "That is exactly how it happened. Well done," got up, turned off the lights, and walked out. We had a guy who came back after getting his pulled. Chief noticed he was not responding to commands quickly. Told him if he didn't want to be there to get the fuck out. 10 minutes later Chief is all "WHERE THE FUCK IS RECRUIT FUCK NUTS?" Somebody sheepishly told her that Recruit Fucknuts was on pain killers and she told him to leave, so he left. Oh thank God I had mine pulled while everyone was at log drills. But I would have LOVED to have been part of the audience for this.  When I was in boot camp there was one evening near the end when the only drill instructor present at the time had to run see the 1stSgt for some reason, forcing him to leave us alone for a few minutes. Normally he would have gotten a drill instructor from a nearby squad bay to fuck with us the whole time, but it was almost over and he was the junior DI and not really into Fuck Fuck games, so he simply said "just don't fucking run around screaming naked". 

He wasn't gone for 30 seconds before 3 recruits were galloping around butt ass naked screaming. Looking back, it was highly indicative of how the next five years of my life would be.


**edit** I get it, I used poor punctuation. I swiped the whole thing on my phone while laying in bed. Besides, you don't have to read out loud you sarcastic jerks! We had a kid in my bootcamp platoon named Jackson. The Senior Drill Instructor was Sgt. Jackson. Poor recruit Jackson was known as "Recruit laundry number 38" for the whole time because he didn't rate the name Jackson. We had a private named Hoar. The drill sergeant took one look at his name and said "too fucking easy." Never mocked him for it.  hah gotta appreciate that! We had a Barbie. They poor guy got away without a word until one day at FTX the drill sergeants wakes us up at 3 in the morning with the song "Barbie Girl" over the loudspeakers and a very specific dedication.  &gt;It's fantastic

FTFY The best DIs never go for the low hanging fruit.  That sounds like something that would happen to me. Either way, that's hilarious. It was so goddamn funny. Because in Marine bootcamp everything is in the third person, It's "this recruit" or "recruit smith has to ...". This kid would have to say shit like "recruit laundry number 38 requests permission to make a head call"

It was phenomenal. I had the pleasure of witnessing this one myself. At the end of the chow line the MTIs have a table called the Snake Pit. The MTIs randomly pull out trainees and question them on stuff we're supposed to know. One day, they pull out one poor sap from our brother flight. It went roughly as follows:

TI: "Trainee! What is the insignia of the full Colonel?"

Trainee: "The insignia of the Colonel is the bird sir."

TI: "What type of bird exactly?!"

Trainee: "Permission to adjust sir?"

TI: ".... Adjust ...."

Trainee then proceeds to SET HIS TRAY ON THEIR TABLE, put is hands up in the "Egyptian" pose but with both hands outward, turns his head to the side and says "Like this sir."

The onlooking TIs nearly choked on their food while the questioning TI stared at him dumbfoundedly for a few moments before yelling at him to "Get (his) shit off of (their) table and get the fuck out of (their) sight."

Oh that was probably one of the best times I've seen a TI at a loss for words...

EDIT: Just a couple of typos and corrections. Thank you all who pointed them out. I was in the 322nd Squadron in 2011 Well, he *did* get permission...

Oh man, I loved the snake pit after my third recyclement.  After a couple months, I knew my shit. I grabbed a dessert with every meal. One time I had seven of them on me at the same time.  

"Oh you think you deserve a dessert?"

"Yes, sir."

"In what year did the Air Force separate from the Army?"

"Sir trainee dumbass reports as ordered. 1947, sir."

(another TI)  "Who is your flight chief?"

"Sir trainee dumbass reports as ordered. My flight chief is Master Sergeant so-and-so, sir."

(first TI) "You give a new reporting statement with every answer, trainee?"

"Sir trainee dumbass reports as ordered. Only upon the initial report or when switching instructors, sir."

...

This went on for some time. They pretty much just let me have the cake after that one. *Three* Recylces? Surely you didn't suck *that* bad? I actually posted [some other stories of my own](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2lx61f/military_veterans_of_reddit_what_are_your_best/clz6wv3) here as well. You'll get the idea.

Some of us learn slower than others. F'ing hilarious.  I hope they call him Pvt./Traineer "Bird" from that point on. One of the guys fell asleep during fire watch. One of the drill instructors ambushed him and told him that he was now dead. So then he had to go around being a spooky ghost . So he has to walk around with a sheet over his head booing and shaking everyone's racks. It would have been hilarious if I wasn't so damm tired If I was sleep-deprived and saw some dude in a white sheet over my bed, I wouldn't think he's a ghost... I can't see fucking shit outta this thing. Look, we all appreciate what Jenny did But next time, we do it right and we go full regalia  All that matters is can the fucking horse see! Fuck all y'all, I'm going home! Did the DI really say "spooky ghost"? Well at first the candidate tried to talk in order to defend himself but then the DI just told him that he couldn't talk since he was dead. DI then told the candidate that he was in fact a ghost and that he should act like one In the barracks where I did my basic we had "cubicles" our bunks were separated by a half wall.  My bed and the bed of the troop next to me were both against that half wall.  Part of our layout for inspection was a specific set of gear on the bed.  

One morning inspection our platoon Sgt decided that the bed layout of the troop next to me was utter shit so the Sgt flipped the mattress so hard it landed on my bunk covering my layout.

So after the Sgt finished reaming out the troop next to me he takes one look at my bunk and starts reaming me out because apparently I think I'm special and deserve two mattresses. FYI they have scheduled harassment periods, scheduled smokings, etc. Even when you don't fuck anything up they find something or make something fucked up just to smoke you. It's part of the process of making you accept shit that is out of your control and dealing with things you don't enjoy. Yep. I got held over in boot camp for some waiver, so I was in some strange half boot camp existence, where I still had to live there and some restrictions, but also got to leave every other night and do shit.

So I'd go visit my old RDCs since they were the closest things to friends I had at that point, everyone else I knew having moved on. One time I showed up, and Chief saw me and smiled..

 "Andy! Glad you showed up. I'm lazy today, go tear apart the berthing for me."

So I did, and he came out and said "Jesus.. You're an asshole. Better get a move on before the kids show up."

It was actually pretty cool, since I'd show up at night sometimes too, and give the new guys tips and tricks to survival. Now, of course, I realize I was just doing his job for him. Goddamned chiefs...  They certainly have planned harassment. Some they just do for their personal amusement. I still remember when I my company left for a 7 day patrol exercise. When we were mustering, we had to present all of the mandated equipment for field operations. Nothing more, nothing less. Everything was checked to the letter, and anyone who had forgotten something or had something extra got a "panzerbiscuit" (basically a plastic container shaped like an anti-tank mine, filled with sand. Weighs around a nice 10kg). At that time we had 32 privates left in our platoon. There were a total of 4 mistakes in the equipment mustering, so 4 biscuits were distributed. At that time our platoon CO turned around and talked quietly to our XO and said something like "I thought there'd be more mistakes, I had planned for them to be carrying one each". Our XO then put a grin on his face and shouted "helmets off". At that time we had all, by their orders, already put camouflage paint on our faces, thus the inner leather rim of our helmets had remnants of it on. He then went around the ranks and said to each of us "not cleaned properly, biscuit", until we all were carrying one. 

Then we left for our 7 day foot patrol. On the way, they found more and more outrageous excuses to punish us and give us extra biscuits. When our platoon was carrying more than 80 biscuits, we heard over the radio that our local barracks armory had run out of biscuits; we were simply carrying them all. Two or three each person (the people carrying extra radios, company materials, extra ammunition and light machinegunners (me) were often only carrying two), on top of our regular gear. While walking and running something like 40-80km a day, all on a single days field ration for the 7 days. We were also often ordered to bury our mines, then dig them up again so we could carry them further. This combined with the fact that we barely got any sleep, as we had to do night patrols, meant that we were all on the verge of breaking after a few days.

On the 7th and last day, we were almost broken, but when we got the order to head back for the barracks, we were overjoyed. We had made it. I don't remember a single part of my body that wasn't hurting like hell. Except for my arms, they were just about numb from the blood being blocked out by my shoulder straps carrying all the extra weight. If I had been ordered to lift my arms over my head, I would not have been able to do it. Then when we had returned to base, we were marching onto the mustering field, our perceived goal. Our CO and XO then made a u-turn, ordered us to follow them and we marched out into the field once again. I think one of the guys in the company actually almost started to cry then, but he was simply too tired to do it. 

We were well and truly broken then. We were simply husks in uniform, marching with empty eyes. Our only hope, that this patrol would be over, had just been taken from us. We returned to the field, did some patrols, engaged Karlson (the enemy) once again and when we finally returned back to base that night when it was dark, the entire regimental officer's staff were saluting us and one of our platoons were presenting arms to welcome us home. That completely confused us: why were they already home, why were they looking nice and clean and not completely exhausted? Had they not been through the same hell as we just had? When we were standing in the mustering yard, our company CO then announced a nice competition, that the platoons should present all the biscuits they had been carrying through that patrol. Platoons 1 through 3 presented a mere less than 10 each. Same did 6th platoon. Fourth platoon, the one we had been competing with all the way through training as our two platoons were always in the top 2 in all inter-company competitions, then proudly presented their hoard: a mere 30 biscuits. They were sure they'd won. Our platoon then started laughing, and our first two squads then made a pile of biscuits that was larger than 4th's. And we kept piling on and on. As our platoon had won, we were then dismissed early that night after only having cleaned and maintained our gear and weapons, while the rest of the company was ordered to clean all company gear after that. When I later arrived home to a nice 4-day weekend, I drank 1½ liters of coke, ate a little food and then went to bed and passed out for more than 26 hours. When I got up the next day, I weighed myself, and I found out that I had lost more than 10kg. 

About a year later, I was drinking in the officer's mess with my old platoon XO. We were having a fun time, and one of the topics that came up, was why they had put us through this week of hell. My XO then confessed that it had all started as a bet between him and the CO about whether we could make it through the 5 days field exercise with a biscuit each. When we were apparently easily doing that for the first few days, they decided that the bet was double or nothing for whether we could carry double that. After that the bet escalated even further, they extended our field exercise by two days, just for the hell of it, emptied the armory with extra gear and ammo for us to carry. That was why our first platoon was already home to salute us when we returned: they had left with us on the first day, but gotten back to base two days earlier. The other four platoons had left two days after us and thus returned home around the same time as us. 

And what was the bet for? A pint of beer in the officer's mess. And a beer there cost 5kr (~$1). They fucked us over royally, pushed us to the limit and threw us over it, not for training purposes, but for a 5kr beer! And of course you can't contradict him because Sergeant is always right. Sergeant is love. Sergeant is life. Wow, that's actually very accurate in boot camp... Brother was in basic and doesn't reddit.  He was in the chow hall and witnessed a TI (authority figure) call out someone who had placed their flashlight in their belt.  I guess you're not supposed to do that.  So the TI lights him up, "Is that where you keep your fucking flashlight?!  Is it a fucking light saber Luke"!?  He made him stand at the end of two cafeteria lines, holding his flashlight like a light saber and striking dead the airmen that were leaving the two lines.  At one point, there was a lull in traffic and the TI screams, "OH, SO FUCKING LIGHT SABERS DONT MAKE NOISE WHEN THEYRE MOTIONLESS"?  So old buddy has to make the "bzzzzzhmmmm" noise as he waits for his next victim. "Sir! A Jedi doesn't activate his light saber if there isn't enemies afoot! Sir!"  **WELL CALL ME PALPATINE, SHITHEAD. I'M YOUR ENEMY NOW!** **IS YOUR ANGER GROWING INSIDE OF YOU?! GOOD! GIVE IN TO YOUR HATE, ASSHOLE!** I swear to God RDCs, MTIs, and the others go through a special three-week long special training course on how to retort to any sass.  I wouldn't even be mad , thats amazing  The worst part of being there is that you can't laugh or you get punished, too. And DIs can be some funny mofos.

When I was in boot, one of the cafeteria workers walked through the chow hall while we were eating. She was quite obese, and wearing Apple Bottom jeans. Our DI was sitting at the head of the table, and started humming "Get Low." Naturally, we all laughed.

So, after chow, we went back to our bunks and got smoked. DI put Get Low on the speakers, we did jumping jacks to the beat until they sang "She hit the floor", at which point we had to hit the floor and do pushups while singing. And every time we laughed, he started the song over.

I still shudder when I hear it. I just tried to hum that and it's much harder than I thought it would be. Thats also amazing , man its getting hard to get mad  Got another if you're up for it.

So, I was at Parris Island, and when you go to sleep, (before you go to sleep, while laying in the racks, anyway,) you can't talk, but you have to respond with patting the rack firmly.  Well, the belligerent motherfucker in the rack next to me was on the top rack, and he was a big fella.  He'd hit his rack with such force that it bounced the whole damn thing in the air.  BOOM BOOM BOOM!  So the DI comes over and says, "Etc, etc, I'm a Sergeant in the Marine Corps.  What have you done with your life?"  And he straight up said, "Well, sir, I scuzzed a couple decks, also made my rack in 200 seconds this morning."  (BTW, when a DI counts, he counts faster than you could tie your shoelaces.)  So he rips off the recruit's moleskin (sticky thing we use to mark our shit) off of his pack, and slaps it on his leg, stating, "I got you tomorrow, Steward..." and goes away.  And we all laugh.

Then, later in training, Steward does some stupid stuff, and he gets blasted for it.  But picture this, Steward is on my right, bottom rack this time, and a very skinny weak kid is on my left, bottom rack, and I see this all unfold with the silhouette of the people at night.  So he talks to Steward calmly stating that if he doesn't shape up, he's gonna get kicked out.  So the DI goes away, and comes back about 5 minutes later.  Now, at night, we go to sleep at the position of attention, so you can't move a muscle.  So the DI leans on the rack of the skinny kid, like he was just chillin', and says, "So, are we gonna be a whole new Steward tomorrow?"

Now the skinny kid doesn't answer, since the question wasn't addressed to him, but the DI doesn't know he's talking to the wrong recruit, since it's dark as fuck.  So the DI whispers sternly, "I asked you a question, motherfucker."

And in the tiniest pipsqueak voice, all I hear is "Aye, sir."

I'm freaking dying at this point, in silence.

Then, Even though it was just a silhouette, the DI's campaign cover drops slightly, and I can just SEE his confusion.

A moments pause.

"Where's Steward."

I am freaking LOSING IT, MAN!  I can't move for make noise, but my head is about to pop off, I swear.

"Over here, sir."

"Oh."  He makes his way to my right, and leans like he is just chillin' again.

"So we gonna be a whole new Steward tomorrow?"

"Yes sir"

"Good"  And walks off.

I was just dying in my rack, man.  Just fucking losing my freaking mind.


A lot of the things in boot are funny because of two reasons.

1) You just had to be there.

2) You have to understand the environment, what we laugh at is funny because he haven't seen humor for months.

Sure beats when I got in trouble for rapping. Was toward the end of RTC, and we were playing some trivia game. We were divided up into males vs. females and it got pretty competitive. The YN1 that was keeping score saw me do a little fist pump after we got a question right that the girls missed. I ended up having to stand up and fist pump for like 40 minutes. The only reason I got to stop was because another dude got caught doing a fist pump at me jokingly. He was fist pumping for more than an hour.  After the first breakfast there we headed back up to the compartment to get ready for the day. AROC yelled, "Port side 5 minute pump and dump." I whispered to my bunk mate, "I need a little more romance than that." Chief overheard me somehow and got up in my face. I had to follow him to the head. Then stand in front of the mirror point at the mirror and say, "You're an idiot." Then point back at myself and then say, "No, I'm an idiot." Forced to keep that up for 30 minutes. Will never forget most of the stupid stuff I did or said at basic in the Navy.

Edit: AROC sorry its been a few years since and combined terms. "I'm not an idiot YOU'RE AN IDIOT"  I watched someone break down in tears and a couple weeks later break after that.  That was bizarre. Escalate it into a full fledged shouting match, just to see how they react. Shout things even the instructors hadn't thought of. YOU GODDAMN PIECE OF SHIT! WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE? NO WONDER YOUR UNCLE COMMITTED SUICIDE ON YOUR BIRTHDAY! 

YEAH, WELL YOU KNOW HOW YOU ALWAYS BLAMED YOURSELF FOR YOUR DAD LEAVING? IT'S JUSTIFIED BECAUSE IT WAS TOTALLY YOUR FAULT, YOU RUINED HIS FUCKING LIFE!  YOU SHOULD JOIN THE MILITARY BECAUSE THEN YOUR FAMILY WON'T HAVE TO DEAL WITH THE AWFUL BURDEN YOU'VE BEEN...OH WAIT... *violins* Chief always hears everything  Am an Army vet.

One morning in Basic training, it was about midway through our 3 month cycle and we were lined up for breakfast chow. While waiting in line, we had to stand at parade rest  in columns of two in our PT uniform. We couldn't move or anything at the risk of being pointed out and screamed at. The uniform consisted of somewhat black short-shorts and a grey t-shirt that said ARMY on the front. Well, 3 guys in front of me had one of those "No-reason" boners and the Drill Sergeant caught him as he was trying to move to hide it away. He pulls him off to the side and starts screaming.

"WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU PRIVATE!? WHY ARE YOUR PRIVATES SALUTING IN THE CHOW LINE!"

Of course this yelling spread to the ears of two other drills and they came over as well. 

"HEY BATTLE COME LOOK AT THIS"

"HEY AT EASE THAT SHIT PRIVATE!"

As this was said, they noticed and one drill sergeant bent down, face inches away from the full mast culprit and bellowed 

"AT EASE!"

"PRIVATE YOU BETTER GET THAT SHIT IN CHECK"

I entered into the building before I could hear anything else about it. To this day I still don't know how the drill sergeants went through that without so much as a smirk. I don't know what I'd do if someone shouted "AT EASE!" directly at my morning erection. Nothing in life so far has prepared me for that. http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/n99fa/to_all_of_those_in_the_military_what_was_the/c37awt7 I'm imagining one of the Minions holding the bullhorn and doing that "Bee-do" noise with the emergency light strapped to their head.  There are soo many stories to choose from. One of the funniest is who we had to salute - every living being. Literally.

So I'm walking back from a med appointment I had when a squirrel crosses my path. So I render a snappy salute and bark out a "Good morning, sir!" just as an officer is walking across the street from me. He ran across the street to investigate just who the hell I was saluting. I responded, The squirrel, sir!

He said, What the fuck?? You saluted a squirrel???

Yes, sir!

Who's your company commander?

Petty Officer Shanks, sir!

Ok, move on dumbass. And stop saluting squirrels.

Yes, sir!

 One time this guy decided that he would test out his newly 
 "stealth skills" by leopard crawling up to a roo. A massive eastern grey male, who was ripped as fuck.

He was from the city and had never really seen kangaroos outside of zoos.

He learnt fast, the secco (section commander) was in stitches whilst we pulled the roo off him. Isn't Australian survival 101 "Don't fuck with the animals"? You can't teach stupid people sometimes When you say you "pulled the roo off of him" what was actually happening? Lol I don't think I've ever seen someone get attacked by a kangaroo before Male kangaroos fight like boxers. Their hind legs are huge and powerful, but so are their arm-like front legs (both are eqiupped with large claws). 

When fighting, roos will rear up on their back legs and start punching and kicking the other roo in the face, chest and gut, just like humans do. 

Their Special Attack is to use the tail as a spring and strike with all four limbs at once. 

Their fighting skills are legendary, and they're smart, too. If surrounded by dogs or dingoes for example the roo will put its back against a tree, particularly the big buttress roots, and just kick anything that approaches in the face. If there's water nearby the roo will wade in to waist-deep and if follwed by a dog, will grab it and hold it underwater until it drowns. 

This roo was most likely just beating the living shit out of this unfortunate Digger-to-be, and it was most likely fuckin' hilarious.  I wouldn't want to fuck with any animal who has a "Special Attack", that's some Mortal Kombat shit. During my basic - the last harry potter book was coming out and a lot of people were having their parents mail them like 50 pages at a time in their letters.  Eventually our instructors found out and brought the company in a room and gave away every major plot point in the book.  Who died and when and just ruined the book for like hundreds of people.  It was absolutely the darkest, funniest thing I've ever heard.

To make it even funnier - when we were out in the woods and getting the trucks that brought MRE's unloaded they made kids get sticks from the woods and have wand fights in order to see who could get eat first.

It was pretty damn funny.

Also, as a fun little side story - we had this one kid in our platoon that really, really hated that they had given away the book so he decided to really get under the instructors skin and on a few occassions he really did lighten the mood and really did get the instructors pissed.

A couple of examples come to mind.  First being one time during PT we were doing like jumping jacks or something and right as we came to a stop he asked the instructor if he could ask a question - now at this point, the instructors knew very little of what this particular kid would turn into.  So they let him ask his question...he simpled asked "Instructor, don't you think it would be a good idea if we renamed the 4 platoons in our company after the 4 houses in harry potter?"  and they just ripped us a new one for that.  I will admit - it was hard to be mad at the kid when we were doing push ups because I was laughing so hard.

Another good example, we were watching some crappy videos about how to be good people or how to have moral character or something and the lady that did it would ask us to give examples of good moral character and the same kid kept bringing up examples of harry potter like when ron was mean to heirmoine and when harry like exhibited bravery or some shit.  They had him forward march into a wall for like an hour for that one.  He never missed a step.  

He was a magnificent hero.  Wherever you are, I salute you...figuratively of course, I think he's probably still enlisted lol 

Edit:  Some have pm'd me asking for more stories - specifically about pvt benjamin (that's what we'll call him anyway - so i added a couple)


One day we were doing one of our required ruck marches.  One thing you realize in basic is that it's literally designed for retards to pass.  So it really is as retard proof as possible.   Well about halfway through basic (in the army at least) - you start focusing a lot more on the combat aspect of things.  Very basic patrolling...shooting etc.

Well we go on one of these "patrolling" ruck marches...essentially you just walk for like 12 miles in full combat gear with like 40lbs of weight on your back.  It's not bad - just boring.  Anyway - one girl was scared that she wasn't going to pass it so she filled up her ruck and camel-bak (its like a waterbottle backpack thing) with MRE trash.  Well she got super dehydrated obv (she didn't have any water) and shit her pants and passed out.  They put her in the ambulance and she threw her pants out the back and the ambulance stopped and put them in a bag and threw them back in at her.  It was really funny.  Our instructor liked to do "forced hydration" after that one like non stop.

Back to pvt benjamin though...on the same ruck march they were randomly selecting kids to make sure they had their full packing list right before the walk.  By this time pvt ben. had developed quite the name for himself.  Well of course he gets "randomly" picked and he has nothing but like socks and shit in there.  The instructor loses his god damn mind.  he's like yelling and shit and finally asks wtf he was thinking - pvt ben said, and i quote, "I didn't think it was fair that I had to carry that extra weight when i'm already carrying a 60 lb dick".  He got his ass smoked for like an hour before we even began and they made him carry a new ruck with what I'm sure has to be twice the weight plus he had to carry water jugs instead of the m16 rubber duck they gave us.  This kid had balls and was a tough motherfucker.  He had no strength, no athletic ability, nothing - but man that kid never quit and I knew he was hurting.  I remember giving him a bunch of these power bar things i stole from the cafeteria because i thought he was going to die.

Quite possibly the funniest thing I saw though was one of the days we were in the classroom some higher up officer that was in somewhat,shape or form in charge of some of the training during basic - came in and wanted to "get to know" some of the soldiers.  He asked why a few of them decided to join the army.  Of course pvt ben's hand flew up.  I saw one of our instructor's face immediately fill with regret but it was far too late.  The officer called on him and he said that the reason he joined the army was because his, "Level 80 paladin got banned on world of warcraft and he tried to bite a kid at school over it", and that afterwards his guidance counselor basically told him his only hope was the military.  The officer just instantly picked someone else.  Of course i'm in tears. &gt;"I didn't think it was fair that I had to carry that extra weight when i'm already carry a 60 lb dick".

&gt;I remember giving him a bunch of these power bar things i stole from the cafeteria because i thought he was going to die.

Oh god, oh god, I can't breathe...  I can see this all in my mind, except I'm imagining it happened in BDUs.  This kid would have either made a terrible soldier or a fucking great one. The fucking "Level 80 Paladin" one had me dying. Good stuff, Meerkat. We had a drill sergeant make a private carry a branch everywhere she went so it would replenish all the oxygen she was wasting.

We had a guy named Fitzwater, we called him "Fats-water". We weren't just calling him just cause he was fat (he was), he was a lazy piece of shit who was constantly pretending to be hurt to get out of work. Anyways, he got pissed at us one day and said "if anyone calls me fats-water again I'm going to tell drill sergeant!" Immediately the drill sergeant walks in and goes "hey what's up fats-water?"


A mother of one of the other privates sent him a photo of a drill sergeant trashing a locker, with a letter saying "hope you're drill sergeant isn't as mean as this! :)" it turned out that it was a picture of our dill sergeant. He had posted on facebook that ended up going viral, she was just looking up pictures of drill sergeants and it just happened to be him.
 Parris Island. Port side got to shower first, Starboard side next. Floor is wet from Port side. Girls in one size fits all shower shoes in various states of undress trying to rip off our bras and undies because we have less than 60 seconds left to shower. Suddenly girls start slipping on the wet floor. Once the first girl went down we all went down piling up on each other. Picture wet, naked panic with our Drill Instructor's yelling as the background music.  Not sure if genuine military experience, or porn movie opening. A little from column A, a little from column B... Oh trust me, females in boot camp is not something you want to see in real life. Some of them are fucking gross. It's nothing but smelly vaginas for 3 months straight.  Had a guy who liked to do handstands in the shower. One of those "haha I make you look at my junk" type douche bags. He quit after someone karate chopped his balls mid handstand. Reminds me of one of those video game bosses who like to wave their one vulnerable spot in your face. Its like... what did you *think* was going to happen, dude? When I was on Parris Island, we were drilling on the parade deck and this one recruit kept fucking up. Our drill instructor stopped us, stalked up to the recruit, and started wearing. him. out. Gave him the classic DI: screaming in both ears, spit flying, smacking him in the face with his cover.

Eventually, the recruit broke down and silent tears started streaming down his face. The DI took his finger, wiped a tear from the recruits eye, and *licked it*, telling the recruit "Now I own your soul."

Fucking intense

**Edit**: I have a ton of these, boot camp was ridiculous:

Once we were drilling outside and a recruit wasn't "sounding off" loud enough. Our DI saw a flock of birds chilling on top of a power line and told the recruit, "You obviously don't practice yelling enough. Go yell "Fly, you fools" at those birds until they fly away." Recruit runs under the power line and starts screaming, "FLY!! FLY, YOU FOOLS!!" at the top of his lungs. Birds don't budge. Some of them actually look down at the guy with obvious contempt. 

We continue to drill for another half-hour or so with that hapless recruit providing hilarious background noise. One recruit in my platoon was getting ITed and the DI took his soul.  Then, I shit you not, the recruit responded with, "what soul, sir". The DI let him go get back on line.  One of the hidden advantages of being a ginger Reminds me of a candidate ( Marine Corps OCS) who got the silver bullet after he thought he had heat a stroke. He was fine but the DIs later on told him that he wasn't getting into heaven anymore since he was a sodomite. A nice cold refreshing Coors Lite... No I'm lying its an unlubed rectal thermometer  jesus is this what i'm in for? i dont want to lose my soul!

*Cries* I think it's a joint ownership. don't worry. you'll get it every other weekend.  Every Sunday morning for roughly an hour if you opt to goto church service 😏 We had a guy who didn't want to wake up one morning, so the DS flipped him and his mattress on the floor.



Plot twist bitches, fuckwit had gotten us all smoked horribly the day prior, so one of the other guys sewed his blanket to his mattress. Dude couldn't get out if he wanted to. DS had to cut him out. Wow, sewed him to the mattress? I'm gonna learn to sew just so I can do that to someone.  Yup, blanket to the mattress with heavy thread and a triple-stitch Triple-stitch? whoa, that dude was pissed. Whoever did that is DS material  Ah, yes, "The Pine Cone Incident."

So, I was at Basic in Fort Benning, and we were zero'ing our weapons as a company. Zero'ing a weapon is when you ensure it shoots where you want it to by shooting a paper target repeatedly. Sounds easy enough.

Now, I am a terrible shot. I know this. Everyone knows this. However, I get even worse when I'm being screamed at. I spent hours on the line until, finally, there were only four of us cats who hadn't gotten a "go" in the whole company. We had three more hours of range time, and if we failed to zero, we'd be "recycled."

"Recycled" entails having to revert to another company earlier along in Basic Training. So, not only do you lose your buddies, but you catch a couple extra weeks of training with a unit that knows you're a shitbird of some sort. So, a fate worse than death. 

After another unsuccessful grouping, my drill sergeant, without a word, picked me up from the prone position and stood me up. He looked at me and said "Go find me a pine cone."

Confused, I took four steps, scooped up a pine cone and took it back to him. I presented him my findings, and he responded
 "Private, that's not my pine cone, go find me my fucking pine cone!" 

Keep in mind, this is a forest in Georgia, there's a metric shit ton of pine cones. So I jog off and work on my "mission." This entire time, my DS is shooting all my rounds off, genuinely enjoying himself. Every pine cone I bring to him is not *his* pine cone. This continued for about 15 minutes while the rest of the company, sitting in a clearing eating MREs, cheered me on.

Finally, I breathlessly run up and hand him another pine cone, about to jog off to grab another. He looks at me, then the pine cone, then me. 

.... "STEVE!" he yells "You found Steve, private!"

I shit you not, I had never been more relieved in my entire life, until his face scrunched into a grimace.

"Wait, private, where's his family? ... WHO THE FUCK TAKES A PINE CONE AWAY FROM HIS FAMILY!?"

So, terrified, I spend around half an hour scavenging for appropriate sized pine cones, while he fires maniacally. Eventually, I hunt down his "wife" and his two "kids." (At one point I brought "Steve's estranged son, Dennis", and I needed to do push-ups for causing Steve "emotional duress.")

Anyway he lets me fire (after I prop up the family to "cheer me on"), I go prone, and I zero on the first iteration. 

He picks me up again, cracks the only smile I ever saw from him, and says
 "It was all in your head, you dumb fuck. Good job. Now go do push-ups till I'm tired."
 He also had me write my congressman later that day to apologize for wasting taxpayer money on bullets.

Fort Benning, never again.

**TL;DR A pine cone saved my military career. And fuck Dennis**

*EDIT*
If you're interested, I also have the "Gas Chamber Concert," "The Cheesecake Swirl Conundrum," and "The Paranormal Activity of 3rd Platoon." I have a paper to write, and I don't want to.  

*Second edit*
Gold?! Thank you, Steve!

*THIRD EDIT*
Hey, Party People, thanks for reading all my stories - I had a lot of fun reminiscing, and hope you enjoyed reading them. I'm outta Basic stories, but I have some AIT and Active stories as well. If you want them, let me know, haha. Bonus story - because everyone I know is sick and fucking tired of my stories. This, my children, is the "Story of 5th Platoon."

Background - a typical Benning basic training company will have four platoons, divided up by last name. (This is just what I saw - also, no females at Benning.)

It just so happened that we had some straight blue falcons strewn about the four platoons. Five real Class A Thunderfucks.

So, by some divine inspiration, these douche canoes were finally removed from their platoons and had to form their own. With five of them. 

Their guide-on, or flag representing the platoon, (taken entirely too seriously in training) was a mop. And not just any mop, but a soaking wet mop, that had to be continually doused in the bucket another member of 5th platoon carried while in our AO. This way, it'd drip constantly on whoever had to carry it.

Not only that, but these guys had to maintain all the military pleasantries of a full platoon. Five guys is just enough for a platoon sergeant, guide on, and three squad leaders.

So every day, when we are taking roll (you have about 30-40 soldiers per platoon,) they had to take roll for their entire fake platoon. This meant the soldiers would start about five paces away from their intended position scream "1 up", take a step sideways and scream "2 up" until they reached the position of squad leader, where they would yell "1st squad, all present and accounted for!"

**TL:DR Mop Platoon was born**

That's about the end of my Basic stories. Now, AIT, and active duty stories? ... I got more. Not tonight, but I got more.


 We also had a grade A fuckup in our company while I was in basic training. Other than being by far the stupidest person I have ever met (for example I saw him not once, but twice, attempting to check the barrel of his gun by using a lighter as a light and looking into it. Without checking the chamber and *still* with a magazine attached to it) he was also downright dangerous, as he had no understanding of how the safety on a weapon worked or why it was there in the first place. This lead to him very often firing off blanks and real bullets when you really didn't want him to. On silent patrol exercises in the field, you would be able to hear their platoon miles away, as he would often fire off a blank, alerting everyone in the area of their position and forcing them to move camp. This lead to the company CO instituting a rule: everyone when they are picking up their rifle in the morning must also be issued with to blank bullets, which must then be loaded into the rifle and will then be returned when the rifle is returned to the armory at night. This would teach us how to properly handle a rifle without firing off unwanted shots. 

It became a great exercise for most of the company, it taught proper weapons discipline, except for Private Drainpipe. He would fire off several blanks over the first week of the rule. That was it for the company CO (his platoon CO was already fed up with him and had demanded him removed), and he had his rifle taken away from him. Instead he was issued a broomstick, which was painted black. He was to treat this as his rifle, it even got a serial number, he had to lock it into the armory every night as everyone else had to do with their rifles, he had to pick it up every single morning, just like everyone else and he had to name it just as everyone else. When on field exercises, he had to work with his squad as normal, but instead of firing blanks he had to shout "BANG" every single time he was "firing". He had to do normal drilling exercises with it, he even had to present arms to the battalion CO with it, when he was doing a company inspection. This farce continued on for more than two weeks before the company CO could get the proper paperwork in order to have him removed from the army, as it can be hard to get rid of conscripts. He was then transferred to civilian national service. Poor them. 

*EDIT: I also remembered a hilarious thing he had to do while on the shooting range with his "rifle". We was given live ammunition as everybody else, was to "fire" with his squad like everyone else by shouting bang, and then had to return the live ammunition as per proper protocol, giving reason that his weapon had jammed and wasn't able to fire the distributed ammunition*

How that guy made it to being 20 years old without accidentally killing or maiming himself is a mystery to me. What's an even bigger mystery to me is that his wife now is one of the prettiest blondes I have ever seen (not only was he dumber than a rusty bucket, he also had a face only his mother could love), and what's worse is that he has been passing on his genes with her.

&gt; because everyone I know is sick and fucking tired of my stories

Same with me. After a short stint in the army, everyone there can pretty much only talk about their army experiences. It really is a work injury and it takes years in civilian life to recover from. &gt; no females at Benning.

The armorer at my company was a quite the Army hot female. It was fun trying your hardest not to look at her. Then your DS notices your eyes wandering and then the yelling starts. Ahhh, fuck it, I was gonna fail the class anyways.

"Saturday Night Live"

I'm not sure how it worked in other training schools, but in AIT, when we got to class, we had to form up and sing the "Army Song" and recite the "Soldier's Creed." Every day.

This daily routine is performed by a soldier pulled - at random - from the formation. Now, this precludes my smart-ass phase, so I was not on the leaderships radar. (Instructors at the school house are different from those who are responsible for you at the barracks. Think like your grumpy landlord vs an equally alcoholic professor.)

So, since I was Non-Descript White Private #6, I kinda blended in. I hadn't said a word to any of the leadership outside my class room, so they didn't know how my voice sounded.

This went on until the *last fucking day, like seriously the last fucking day.* Out of the blue, I get called up to sing it out. However, the end was in sight - I could see the light. So, I thought, fuck it.

Now, due to my complete lack of athletic ability, general intelligence, or prowess with the ladies, I've had to develop a special set of skills. While rescuing daughters would be sweet, I had to settle for the fact that I can make a lot of different "voices" - my favorite being a pretty good imitation of the announcer for Saturday Night Live / Old School Batman narrator.

So I take my place at the head of the formation, and I belt out the "Soldier's Creed" in the SNL voice. The soldiers started intermittently laughing, but the leadership didn't really respond - maybe this kid is just fucking retarded.

I get through all the songs n' such, and it comes time to march us in for a riveting day of bullshit. When you march in a formation ("File from the left, column left!") the first soldier in each line yells something to their line (either "stand fast" or "forward", I don't know, it's been a minute.) What these cheeky bastards did was copy my voice as best they could. Not cool guys.

And at that moment, the head NCO lost his mind. He sprinted over, nose to my cheek, and screamed

"What the FUCK do you think you're doing?!"

I can turn back, I can fix - y'know, nah.

"Using my COMMAND VOICE, Sergeant!"

So, he lost his fucking mind - pulled me from class to scream at me, tried to give me an article 15 (like an army judicial punishment), all that jazz.

Luckily, it didn't go through, and I got to use my SNL voice to narrate the new privates getting in trouble. "Loook ouuuut privates! Sergeant's coming! Meeeaaanwhile, in the hallway!"

Good times.

**TL;DR Some NCO's don't appreciate late night sketch shows** I had a similar experience in AIT.  On my first day with a company that was OSUT (they'd been together since basic wheras I'd done basic elsewhere and came to be with them) I tripped over something and I instictively yelled out "Dammit Bobby!" in my perfect Hank Hill voice.  My entire new platoon lost their shit and I was known as Hank from then on out.  A few weeks go by and one of the Drill Sergeants find out about it while myself and 60 other people are crammed into a cattle car that can seat maybe 20 of us comfortably.  So he yells out, hey Private Hill, let me hear you talk.  (We're so crammed into this thing, he can't even see me and he has no idea where I am.)  I wait a few seconds as tension builds and then I let out the Huh uh uh laugh and follow it with "Boy I tell ya what....." and I've never seen a Drill fight so hard not to laugh.  The rest of the cattle car died laughing.  

Fast forward a few weeks, one of our instructors finds out I can do this and during a roleplay of a domestic violence situation he has me do the entire thing in my Hank Hill character.  The female's name in this situation was Roza or some shit but I just called her Peggy the whole time.  It was a big hit and it got to the point that I was going all Jimmy Fallon and having trouble staying in character but it was really fun.   An Active Duty one, actually two separate stories, all involving me being a smartass. Please enjoy "The 'Fuck you Say?"

Background - I'm actually in a National Guard unit (Yes, all my training was done with active duty soldiers, they don't differentiate until after you've finished all your training. I've also been attached to various active units.) All that to say, we can occasionally be a bit more relaxed than our active duty counterparts. Where in active duty, I was terrified of anything above Specialist (e4) nowadays I joke around with Majors. It helps that I'm in HQ and I can throw a rock and hit a field-grade officer. However, this attitude is not acceptable outside the very close-knit unit I'm in. I forget this occasionally when I'm with the full-timers - shenanigans ensue.

**Story 1 - "Student Driver."**

One of the worst things about the military are the constant briefs. Suicide, sexual assault, drug-use, proper use of a fucking shovel, and so on.

One of the more boring briefings is a convoy brief. (This is state side, obviously if you're bopping around outside the wire you pay a bit more attention.) So, right before we load up to head out, some Colonel decides he wants to give an extra brief. He does, because colonels do what they want. 

Anyway, he asks the entire chalk (60 or so of us) what the most important rule of operating a tactical vehicle is.

I shout out "Have fun!" with a shit-eating grin on my face. 

Colonel Grumpy Gus was not impressed, and that's how I lost my driving privileges for a while.

**Story 2 - "Squared Away."**

One thing you need to know about the army is that we have our own little vernacular, and people use that shit constantly. Think - synergy, and other WTF terms. Anyways, whether you like it or not, it'll slip into your daily verbiage.

Two such terms are "squared away" meaning you are all good-to-go, tidy, knowledgeable, a sergeant major's wet dream. The other term is "well-rounded" meaning that you have taken the time to be knowledgeable in tasks outside your job description. I think you can see where I'm going with this.

So, on some big exercise, I was assigned to help desk (army IT.) The beautiful thing about help desk, is that we deal with tasks chronologically as we receive them, not by rank. This allows junior enlisted little fucks to enjoy a semblance of power.

We had a staff sergeant walk in, and request help with something. I sent one of our techs to assist him, and he turns to me - all condescending-like.

"Hey, soldier, why don't you come help this guy so you can be a well-rounded warrior."

I replied "Well, Sergeant, how can I be squared-away and well-rounded at the same time?" He lost his shit.

Worth it.

**TL;DR I should probably take army things more seriously**   "Student Driver" reminds me of when my PSG gathered us all around to give us a little talk about leaving gear unsecure. He found 2 kevlars, a CAC, and a phone. So he started his brief with "Since when do we leave our gear unsecure?" Apparently August 6th, 1962 was *not* the answer he was looking for. I turned a fifteen minute conversation into a 2.5 hour long brief. I, too, should probably take Army stuff more seriously.

EDIT: Thanks for the gold! Made my day. I knew being a smartass would pay off eventually. What was so important about Jamaican independence? Alright, we're busting into the AIT stories now. (AIT, or Advanced Individual Training, is where you learn your specific job, not just slaying bodies n'such.)

I present "Bed Check"

I have a particularly long MOS, so I was at AIT for an exorbitant amount of time. The thing with training companies, is that there's an influx of new kids as soon as the old guard graduates. Of course, as soon as I get to the party, it's decided to funnel all the newbies to other companies. This means that there becomes slowly less and less soldiers. This sucks.

Why?

Well, reader, there's a thing in the army called "fire guard." This is usually a two, four, or six hour shift of you wrestling errant flames. (Not really, you sit at a desk, and try not to sleep.)

The problem is, is that this duty is bequeath'd in an alphabetical roster. Except by the end, we went from 300 soldiers to 50, split between the day, night, and swing shift. This meant guard duty every night, and cleaning the barracks was a bitch and a half.

Luckily, two days before my class shipped, we got fresh meat. You forget how lost in the sauce you are getting to AIT fresh out of Basic. So, like the good soldiers we were, we fucked with them.

Another bullshit fact in training is called the "bed check." This entails grown-ass men waiting outside their doors at 9PM in order to ask permission to go to bed. If the duty sergeant starts at the other end of the building, you're fucked.

However, the new bloods don't know this - they just see "Bed check 9pm for all new soldiers."

At 8.55, all of us older cats start freaking out around the privates. 

"Guys! What the fuck are you doing?! It's almost bed check! You better get down there ASAP!" 

They freak out and start hauling for the duty desk until we stop them.

"C'mon guys, it's bed check! You have to get your mattress cleared your first night in the barracks. Hurry!"

So these poor kids all grab their mattresses and thud thud thud down a few flights of stairs and run to the sergeant.

This is all we hear 

"What the fu- what is this happy horse shit!? Who the fuck are you?! Wait, there's more?! Goddammit!"

**TL:DR NCO's don't want to see your mattress, you nasties** It's 2am and I'm laughing my ass off. Thank you. You magnificent bastards.  I'm literally laughing out loud at a bunch of soldiers dragging their mattresses out for inspection. Think how the females have it. There's never enough. When the guys are hurting for numbers I shudder to think how many fire guard shifts the females get. We had one night actually where cadre said, fuck it no fire guard for the females tonight. It was the most amazing night of sleep for all involved.  Okay, my personal favorite "The Cheescake Swirl Conundrum" (These all sound like fucking "Big Bang Theory" episodes, but I'm a sucker for alliteration.)

A little background / fun fact. You know on TV when like Shania Twain is playing for the troops and that tent is fucking packed? Not a single one of those poor bastards wants to be there. After a foot patrol, I want to shower, jerk it, watch Parks and Rec, and then rack the fuck out - not listen to live country music. (Sorry, Shania, if you're reading this, I'm more of an EDM man myself.)

Aaaaanyway, this was also the case in Basic training. It's about week 8, and some High and Mighty ordered our drill sergeants to send us to some charity-concert-soldier-show thing. They were really Grumpy Gus's about it, but we had to go. To spite us, they made us march there, despite the buses standing by to get us there.

We get to the venue, and our 1SG briefs us. "Alright, kids, guess what? You get to have fun. You can go buy all the funnel cakes and Redbull and pizza you want. I can't stop you. Just remember, in three hours, your ass is right back in the bay. Plan accordingly."

So, we get released to essentially a carnival. Mind you, I haven't had anything that tastes like palatable food in two months. The bigger issue is that I haven't seen a girl in 8 weeks. I'm 18.

If there's one thing you need to know about me, is that I fucking love ice cream. It's the tits. (I also like tits on pretty females.)

So, as soon as I walk in, what do I see? Fuck me sideways! A goram, mu'fuckin' shit almighty ice cream stand with a straight 10/10 fox working it. I'm pretty sure I qualified for the Olympics, I sped walked so fast.

I pull up, and she asks me what I'd like. This is a foreign concept - choosing one's food. I scan the menu until I see it.

Cheescake. Swirl. Ice cream.

Oh, my Buddha, this is the best day of my pathetic life.

I order it, and proceed to stare directly at her perfect little Southern ass until she hands it to me. I pay, linger a bit too long, and then head off to join a circle of my other buddies, ice cream in hand.

But wait ... to my terror ... no one else had bought contraband. Oh, God, please no, please God. I scan the venue, and everyone looks at me, and I curse silently to myself.

In the distance is my Pine Cone drill sergeant, also talking in a circle of drill sergeants. If I had to fight a bear, or this man, I'd choose a bear. At least a grizzly might leave me alone if I play dead.

So, of course, he notices my ass. He excuses himself from his group and lumbers over. Now, there's about 30 yards in between us - could I have finished that cone in time? Fuck yes I could. But I chose my icy treat over the obvious death by witty insults and push-ups I was about to receive. 

He gets to the group, and we spread out and snap to parade rest. The only problem is, I have my ice cream still. The only thing I know to do is snap into the weapon holding parade rest, which involves sticking your barrel out and resting the stock against your boot. Problem is, is that I'm not holding an M16, I'm holding my mother fucking cheesecake swirl ice cream. I snap to this position, and for all the world, it looks like I just presented this man with my ice cream.

He looks at it, looks at me and says. "Oh, for me? Why thank you young warrior." He bends down - while making eye contact - and takes a lick. 

"Mmm, that's delicious. Now what exactly are you holding there?" 

Contraband, the answer was contraband.

"Cheescake swirl ice cream drill sergeant!"

"Oh, well, you enjoy yourself. I'll catch you boys later."

*cut to three hours later*

The platoon is being smoked, we're about an hour in. Everyone's thrown up their various treats, and we're near absolute muscle fatigue. To my horror though, my DS saunters over to me.

"Oh, private, you thought I forgot about you huh? Did I forget 3rd Platoon" 

"No, drill sergeant."

"That's fucking right. Alright privates, when I say 'up' you will yell 'cheesecake' when I say 'down' you will yell 'swirl'. You tracking?" (We do push-ups in cadence. This was our new cadence.)

We did this for ten minutes. 

"Now," my DS turned to me "Was it worth it."

Yes, my dear Redittors. It was worth it.

**TL;DR My platoon discovered their least favorite ice cream flavor with my help**

... I got more.

*edit* formatting You need to write a book. Please, set up a kickstarter and I'll be the first to pledge. Fuck it, I'm on a roll. Gather 'round kids, and listen to the story of the "Gas Chamber Concert."

Now, for the army at least, one of the first "hardcore" tasks you get in training is being sent to the gas chamber. Think a concrete box filled with "Ow, goddamnit it's in my eyes!" And you kind of just have to stay put for however your DS decides. (He has a stop watch, but he just swings it at people who don't take their masks off quick enough.)

So, we march into the suck square, and they close the doors. We rip our masks off and breath in that sweet hookah from hell. After an existential crisis, and rethinking some life decisions (about five minutes total,) everyone is looking 31 flavors of fucked up. This shit burns your eyes, your nose, and especially your lungs - like you deep-throated Satan's member against your will.

Anyway, everyone's puking, or crying, and they finally opened the doors to get out, so we stumble out. (One guy tried to get dramatic and crawled out, only to have to repeat it two more times, and he was given the privilege of mopping the chamber after.)

To dissipate the effects, you enter a large clearing, and walk in a circle for a few minutes, with your weapon in one hand, your mask in the other. In the middle of this circle is a raised platform where a drill sergeant will perch, making sure we don't die. 

However, as we burst from the chamber, we heard a voice from the platform. "Hey privates, this is your fucking shit!"

He proceeded to blast Miley Cyrus' beloved "Party in the USA" over a loud speaker, dancing the whole time, while a group of vomit-encrusted, grown-ass men walked around him crying. It was like the strangest religious ceremony of all time.

Strangely, I somehow love that fucking song.

**TL;DR Miley Cyrus played, we all cried**  I know exactly why you loved that song. There was never any music. If you heard anything while in, it was the best fucking song ever. I remember hearing "Maneater" by Nelly Furtado being played while a DI forced a guy to learn a sexy rain dance because he complained it was too hot. Damn, I still love that song.  Navy here. I actually did well in the chamber. I was front row and got to watch the pellet jump around the hot plate. I took off my mask, recited the necessary information and felt it, but was breathing and seeing fine. When they were on the last row I let out a little cough, and that was the end of me. I couldn't stop coughing and my eyes turned into water cannons.

They told us whoever puked had to clean the floor, so one poor kid puked inside his uniform. My JROTC instructor was a DI in the Marine Corps, and one of the worst things he would do to recruits is let them go piss in the bushes right after the gas chamber.......while their hands were still coated in gas residue.

EDIT FOR CLARITY: I did not fall victim to this. I have been gassed before, but that is a separate story. My Instructor told the *story* of this. Satan possessed a DI, guys... When this happens, the resulting creature is known as... a DI. I'll take more for 100 Alex.  Okay, Thundercats, "The Paranormal Activity of 3rd Platoon."

So, I'll come out and say it, I had a complete mental fucking breakdown in Basic. I shipped right out of high school, where I was hot shit, and got to Benning, where I was just shit. Like a white girl at a Katy Perry concert, I literally couldn't even.

This inability to cope manifested in my sleep-walking. Or, more appropriately, sleep-standing-at-parade-rest. (The modified position of attention you assume when addressing an NCO)

I'd always wake up exhausted, and I chalked it up to, y'know, push-ups n' things. It wasn't until a few weeks in that my bunk mate told me, that about twenty minutes after lights-out, I would stand up (still asleep) walk to my "toe the line"* position, and proceed to stand there, unmoving, for a couple hours at a time. I'd wake up, confused, and head back to my bunk.

Everyone in the platoon thought the shit was hilarious, and it became a game to see how long they could get me to stand there.

*"Toe'ing The Line" is what you do every morning upon waking up. There's a painted line that you stand at attention / parade rest at, usually in preparation to get smoked. I still cringe when I hear the term.*

Anyway, one particular morning, a drill sergeant decided that 2 am was time for us to toe the line and get smoked for some random offense. Or he was bored, I d'know.

So, he walks in the room (everyone else is asleep - fire guard is cleaning the latrine), and spots me - already standing at parade rest. His entrance woke me up, but I stood there, terrified, and unmoving. He looked at me like he saw a ghost, stood in the doorway for a second, and just walked away.

The next day, the DS saw me in formation, and told the platoon that I "definitely had people lampshades back home" and I was required to have an additional battle buddy present when talking with him for the rest of Basic.

**TL:DR I slept walked, became a serial killer**

... I've got more. Then you better get typing. I WANT MORE, SERGEANT.  I have no idea what the fuck I just read, but Steve the Pine cone is easily one of the most memorable characters ever created. Write yourself a book, son. WHO THE FUCK TAKES A STORY AWAY FROM ITS BOOK? MORE! Probably the only fun night I had was basic was about in our third week. We were out in the field (doing training and staying out in the woods for a week) and one of our drill sergeants came up to us and told us he wanted us to steal the other company's guide on (flag the company uses to identify them self in front of formations). He equipped us with duct tape and rope told us to give them hell.

Once it became nightfall and soldiers had went in their tents to sleep we made our move. We sneaked through the tree line and event found their night gaurd. We tackled them both to the ground and duct taped their mouths shut then moved to a tree and tied them up. The search for the guide on began. We went through a bunch of tents, tie in and sacking people until we finally found it. Once we got it we ran back to our area and handed it to our drill sergeant. In reward the following Sunday of us getting back he let us sleep 2 hours in. Which is a huge thing when your always sleep deprived. Sounds like FTX, but I've never heard about FTX happening three weeks in. Unless this event was something other than FTX? Keep in mind I was in basic in 2003, so I don't know what may have changed between then and whenever you were in.  When I went through Infantry school at Fort Benning, there was very little to do during the small amount of down time we had. You can only write so many letters, so some people would workout, some would fight, etc. Everything was contraband, we weren't allowed books, newspaper, anything, so we had to be pretty creative.

That's how the Battle Whack came to be.

Two or more guys would go into their respective stalls, and have a jerk off race. First to finish won. And yes, you need proof. Even worse, it became a spectator sport. There would be multiple guys standing outside of the stalls, cheering. Yeah, I know.

However this isn't even the main story, so let's get to that.

So one day, there was a Battle Whack going on. I never participated, but this one caught my attention. One guy, Ski (he had a very Polish sounding last name ending in Ski), went around frantically asking for lotion. Somehow hastily gives him a dollop, and he hurries back to the latrine.

I go back to my letter, but before I get very far, I hear a scream. I think there was a "what the fuck" in there, but I forgot. Point is, someone was very unhappy.

See, one of the few things that wasn't contraband was Icy Hot. And of course, that's what they gave him.

That is one of the few times I remember laughing while I was there, and I won't soon forget it There was a recruit who I'll call Private P. On the first day of basic training, our company was being briefed by the battalion commander and sergeant major. Private P stood up and announced that he wanted to quit. What followed was an absolute shit show, they wouldn't let him quit, and from then on he was a target of abuse from the drill sergeants and fellow recruits. 

Over time his behavior became more and more concerning. He always just stared off into space, wouldn't talk to anybody, and if anybody made fun of him/pissed him off, he'd pull out his notebook (we were all required to have one) and write something in it.

One day after we had been at the rifle range to practice for qualification, we were inside the barracks conducting weapons maintenance when our senior drill sergeant told us to get the fuck outside ASAP. We were put in formation and ordered to strip down for a search/shakedown. 

Obviously we asked what was going on and one of the senior drill sergeants held up a live round (live rounds are NEVER, EVER supposed to leave the range in basic training) and grabbed Private P. and brought him in front of the company. He was crying and the drill sergeants started screaming at him. We still didn't know exactly what had happened, and then the MPs came and took him away.

Turns out he had smuggled 6 live rounds, and he had written in his notebook his plan to kill his 3 platoon drill sergeants, our company commander and first sergeant, and himself. We speculated he was never going to go through with it and just wanted to get kicked out, but you never know. That was the last we saw or heard of him. 

Edit: In case anybody wants to hear them, I have a bunch of other stories. 

One funny thing that happened one morning during breakfast chow: a private who we called "patches" because he had alopecia started choking on a sausage. Patches' real name was Johnson. He stood up clutching his throat and gasping for air and we started yelling for the drill sergeant watching us to help him. He looked up from his plate, shrugged and gave us a "wtf?" look, and went back to eating breakfast. Finally another private, coincidentally named Wood, ran over to Johnson and gave him the Heimlich maneuver, and out came the sausage This is like a full metal jacket alternate ending Are they not allowed to quit or something? Because this seemed like a preventable situation. Technically yes you can quit, but it is extremely difficult because the cadre will do everything and anything they can to get you to stay and finish training. Their attitude is that if you had any doubts, you should have quit before you shipped out to basic.

 A woman in my company was from Africa.  She had a graduate degree in some science,  so she was very smart,  but some things were lost on her,  especially figures of speech.  
  
When we were on the firing range we were told to keep the rifle "up and down range" meaning no matter what way you were facing the end of the rifle was in the air and pointed down range.  
  
She didn't get that and swung her rifle all over the place.  Everyone hit the ground.  One if the drill sergeants yelled and asked her if her brain took a shit in her head.  She didn't understand that either.   A cousin of mine was going through training for the Royal Australian Navy. They have 'leader' cadets amongst their ranks, whom you must refer to as 'leader' and not 'sir'. 

One of these leaders was prowling about and asked my cousin if he was all sorted out. 

"Yes, sir," my cousin said, on reflex. 

"What the fuck did you say, cadet? Twenty push-ups, right now."

My cousin, you should know, is a massive shit-stirrer. Couldn't help himself. 

"Yes, sir," he says, getting down to do the pushups. 

"FIFTY FUCKING PUSHUPS" the leader barks.

The way he told me the story, the timing was just perfect. 

"............ yes, siiiiiiiir."

So he had to do a hundred pushups, his arms gave out around seventy apparently. 

Later on, they were doing open-water survival training, floating about in a blowup raft in the middle of the ocean. The leaders, who were submerged below the raft in SCUBA gear, would occasionally leap up and drag a cadet into the water to simulate being knocked overboard by a wave. 

Sure enough, the leader my cousin had crossed was under the boat. He burst out like a shark, seized my cousin by his collar and dragged him into the freezing water. Holding him down for longer than was probably necessary, the leader eventually released him. As my cousin was climbing back into the raft, shuddering from the cold, the leader asks him "Still think you're funny, cadet?"

As you can guess, the reply was "Yes, sir." He got grabbed and pseudo-drowned again immediately. I guess he's a glutton for punishment. 

He passed training, by the way. Probably none of these are particularly awesome, but I've definitely got a lot of memories from basic, although it's been nearly 15 years since it happened. I wouldn't say all of these are good or funny, some rather sad, but this is a bit of my experience.

One guy drank cleaning products to try to get out. Didn't work, of course.

Another jumped off the third level of barracks, landed on another guy below. Jumper wasn't injured, the victim was, however.

A trainee fell and died while at the obstacle course. The course remained closed the rest of the time I was there.

Getting smoked on fire ant hills was absolutely horrendous.

I struggled with pushups for the first few weeks of basic. I don't know why, I had the strength. My form just wasn't right, I guess. Then one magical morning, it just clicked. I'm not sure what I changed, but I went from struggling to do 20 to clearing 50 overnight. Never figured out what happened, exactly, but it was a glorious day.

One member of my company was going directly from basic to a special unit and promoted to E-6. When the drill sergeants found that out, they drew the rank on a piece of paper and made him wear it on his headgear, called him SSG, had a lot of fun with it.

One night, two dudes got in a fight. One of them was a very tiny guy, the other was one of the biggest men I've ever seen. Played college football, from the Midwest - just a massive guy. Little Guy threw a punch at Big Dude. Big Dude shrugged it off, and told Little Guy he'd fuck him up if he did it again. Little Guy says, "I know," and landed another blow. Big Dude proceeded to beat the piss out of Little Guy. I mean, face black and blue. But Little Guy was proud of himself.

Near the end of basic, we marched out on our FTX. Got there, begin to set up, and find out a tornado is heading toward us. We break down, get shipped back to the barracks in trucks - then have to repeat the march out again the next morning. That was not a happy time. But it was pretty rewarding when it was over, knowing we'd put way more effort into it than others usually do.

During the CS training, a skinny little dude freaked out. I mean he lost his shit entirely. Bowled over two drill sergeants and out the doors he went. He paid for it, but it was a sight to behold. A bit later, another guy really, really lost it. Ended up rolling around on the ground, crying, screaming for his mother.

Got a nasty infection on the side of one of my fingers, pretty sure it was from washing dishes on KP duty. From the last knuckle of my finger to the end was double the size it should've been. Huge, puss filled, just gross. It'd been getting worse for a couple of days. I didn't go on sick call, because only pussies go on sick call (/s). You just caught a lot of shit for saying anything hurt, etc. You know. When I finally told the drill I needed to go, my finger was infected, he made some predictable comment. So I showed him. His reaction was priceless. Exclaimed "Holy shit!," and pointed at the sick call line. Also, when they lanced that finger, the nurse actually gagged, it smelled so bad.

Returning from sick call that day, I missed some sort of roll-around-in-the-mud training. Got there right at the end of it. Everyone was dirty as fuck. I could tell from the looks I was getting that I got really lucky to miss it, so I launched myself head first into the mud, got covered in it as best I could. Pretty sure there were 40 or 60 guys there that all cheered. I felt like a fucking hero. And that's silly as shit, but that's what basic does to you.

Near the end of training, the drill sergeants start to let up on you, be a bit more human. Looking back on it, you can see how it's all designed - treat you like shit, break you down, rebuild you, instill worth, begin to give you a bit of respect. But anyway, was on some overnight duty or another, myself and another joe, and the drill comes in and sits down with us. Just talks to us like people for a while. It's maybe 3 or 4 days away from graduation, so we figure what the fuck. He was asking us about things we'd never have spilled before (where did this guy's black eye come from, etc). We told him a bunch of that kind of thing, and he laughed his ass of for a while. Finally feeling like a human again, being treated reasonably by someone who previously had ground you into the dirt, was amazing at the time.

Myself and 3 others were bandsmen, and when the drill sergeants found this out, they (after much ridicule) decided we were going to sing The Army Goes Rolling Along at graduation. So we had to work it all out ourselves, practice and memorize on our own time (which is a joke), etc. We sang the fuck out of that song during the ceremony, and it was fucking great.

There's more I'm sure, but that's all I've got off the top of my head. Glad you asked. Haven't shared any of this with anyone, that I can recall.

Edit: For any "lolz u lie, where ur proof," adding a couple of photos. I'm not interested in anything beyond this that would require blurring out of info.

[https://imgur.com/a/owa7r](https://imgur.com/a/owa7r) I was told to, "go get your handy dandy hoo ya and put it in your giddyup". I instantly rocketed back to my rack and sincerely for about 5 seconds was panicked looking for my hoo ya. Even said it to myself as I was doing it. I then realized I had no hoo ya to find. I felt like an idiot but still was searching for my giddy up until my brain slapped itself inside my skull and forced me to realize that was not a thing either. Self Loathing I shall never forget, all in the span of about 8 seconds. Staff Sgt. Paredo, if you read this, I spent 6 years in and never got to fight a lava dragon, and never was issued a giddy up. Ass.  Marine corps boot camp. First day out in the rifle range. The supervision out there is a little more lax, so the drill instructors can get away with a lot more. For whatever reason my kill hat stopped me in front of where there was a washer and dryer. He yells" thegino, ever want to be an astronaut?!!" Being the good recruit I yell " yes sir!" He responds " good, get in your space capsule  " He immediately orders me into the dryer( I only get in half way) and turns it on for on revolution allowing me to flip all the way around before stopping it and probably walking away to hide his laughter. Good times.  Went to Navy boot camp a couple of years back and we had a much older recruit going through with a relatively young group. English was clearly not his first language and he unintentionally made everyone laugh with all his idiotic shenanigans. For example, he was standing watch one night and our RDC happened to be the Duty RDC. We were given clear instructions, no less than 10 times, to pop to attention and recite whatever lines they had us memorize. Sure enough, when the Duty RDC walks into our compartment Seaman Recruit Shmuckatelly greets him with a hearty hello and a friendly wave. Our RDC's voiced echoed through our compartment as he shouted, "Did you just fucking wave at me recruit?!"

Some days after, we all go down to the pool to do our swim qual. Our RDC's specifically told us to not wear any skivvies under our PT shorts. Again, multiple times. The aforementioned Seaman Recruit realized that he had indeed worn his skivvies and was going to be chewed out by the Dive Motivators that were running the swim qual. So he does the only rational thing that any other person in his shoes would do.

This motherfucker stands up in the third row of the bleachers we were in and drops trout. He then proceeds to look around nonchalantly to see if anyone noticed. I make eye contact with him as he's looking around  and give him a kind of 'wtf dude' look. He just kind of laughs and smiles back like his dick isn't 2 inches away from the dude sitting in front of him. 

He ended up throwing his STENCILED skivvies underneath the bleachers. None of the Dive Motivators noticed and his skivvies were never found during our time at boot camp. 

He currently outranks me. One of my best friends is in the Army. He told me a story of one time when they were out in the field his drill sergeant asked if everybody had everything they needed, he replied with, "I'm missing my king size mattress and TV." He told us that he had to do push ups until his arms fell off because of that reply. Three categories of people you should never use sarcasm in the presence of:

1. The TSA
2. The Secret Service
3. Drill Sergeants Add another one to that list, border patrol agents, northern or southern. They just don't think things are funny. Alpha 146, Sand hill. Alpha company had an incredly rigid defac procedure. No choices, no talking, eyes staight foward. If you ate anything other than what they wanted you to eat, you didnt eat. If you talked, you didnt eat, if you looked up, you guessed it, you didnt eat. Anyway we had these ice cream machines in the dining hall. Of course nobody could use them. We had this airborne drill sergeant who would walk around yelling "who wants some ice cream!" "Come get your ice cream!" Sometimes people would get some. The other drill sergeants would then invite that dope to sit with them at their table. The second they sat down it was all over. Funniest shit ever. Heh, one that personally happened to me was during FTX at the end of basic training. We had to live in the woods for several days, and the drill sergeants would sneak in and pop CS gas canisters and try to catch you off guard. Well, it was the morning before we were to form up to finish and march back to the barracks and I was shitting into a hole in the ground, BDU bottoms around my ankles, and I hear shrubbery rustling behind me. Before I can turn my head to see what gives, I hear the canister land not 2 feet from me and pop off, and CS is everywhere. Choking, snot dripping down my face, unable to see, I just stand up and half-ass pull my shit up and book it, shit residue lubricating my ass cheeks. I didn't get to wipe because we had a formation soon after. Had shit butt the whole march back, although I was able to get some of it off with some wipes I had from my morning MRE, but that's like a single wipe... About a month into OSUT, a mentally unstable private decides to set fire to the barracks (they're made of concrete, not sure what he was thinking). Even worse, he decided to do this at night when everyone does their laundry. So our drill sergeants decide that the best way to punish him is to force everyone outside to sleep. Its February in Georgia and it just started snowing. They woke us all up a few hours later to go back inside, we weren't happy to be woken up. Was in US Navy boot camp 14 years ago. On the first night I had to poop, petty officer told me to hold it or shit my pants. Held it for hours, and my body wasn't having it any longer and I shit myself. Then they led us to a room to undress and pack our belongings and put them in a box to ship them home. Being too embarrassed to ask to throw them away, I wrapped my shitty drawers in my clothes and they were mailed home to my mom.  I'm not in the marines but a friend of mine is. During boot camp, his group was out doing something and one guy poured out his water because it was warm. The drill sergeant told him to pick it up. We formed up after dinner chow one evening, and the dining facility was very close to the edge of base, we could see the gate and highway.

We were somewhere in Week 3 of BCT when we were formed up, looking at the ever so close freedom, and out of nowhere we hear "DONNELLY! NO! DONNELLY GET BACK HERE!" and we all turn around (yes, we turned at the position of attention, gasp) and we see a soldier running straight toward our formation, with a Drill Sergeant and three other Soldiers chasing him. He ran past us, onto the road, and up a hill away from the dining facility, with the DS chasing him and yelling the whole time and more DS joining in.

We were all baffled that he ran AWAY from the gate and up the hill, when we could all see freedom. We were marching past five minutes later and saw the DS escorting Donnelly back to his formation, with him covered in scratches from being tackled, presumably. A bunch of us were caught stealing little peanut butter cups from the mess hall and keeping them in our racks for late night snacking.  Well, our DI found out and decided to make us stay in pushup position while he yelled "PEANUTTTTTT, PEANUT  BUTTER" and we would have to yell "AND JELLY!"... to which he would respond "WHO STOLE THE FUCKING JELLY." My mom was at boot camp and during one of her first exercise routines where the drill sergeant was yelling at her, she started crying and said "I want to go home."  Overhearing her, the drill instructor ran up to here and said "What did you say?"  She said "I want to go home". He looked at her and said "Spin three times and click your heels."  After she finished, he said "You're mine for the next 8 weeks Dorothy. Now give me 20!"  NASCAR: 
Push everything(bunks, etc.) to the middle of the squad bay.
Pour whatever cleaning solution all over the floor.
Everyone lines up with their scuzz brushes in one corner.
Race around the junk in the middle for however long the DIs feel like.
Squad Bay is cleaned. A little background for the non squids. At boot camp, each year the divisions start at 100 I think, then there are special divisions, 900 divisions are performance divisions, we perform at 3 graduations including our own. 800 divisions are the special warfare tryouts (SEAL, SWCC, EOD, rescue swimmer). I was in a 900 div.

So one week they were doing renovations on our galley, so we had to go to the next "ships" galley. All 900s were on a ship together, same with 800s, it so happened that we were next to theirs.

One meal, one of our guys, a class clown of the bunch, was in the head and ran into this 800 div guy who thought his shit didn't stink, and this conversation went down.

900: "how's it goin man?"

800: "pretty good dude, what division are you?"

9: "930, you?"

8: "8xx ((I can't remember the number)), I didn't think there was anything higher than 800 divisions, what are y'all?"

9: "what, you don't know?"

8: "nah man"

9: "well shit man, I don't think I can actually tell you"

8: "bullshit man, you're fucking with me, come on what is it?"

9: "I really shouldn't tell you, but I guess I'll say this, there is some shit going on at RTC great lakes that you don't know about..."

8: "....what?! Dude come on, I'm dying to know, you've got to give me something, you can't just leave me with that"

9: "Aight man, so, what are you going to be in a few years huh man? A SEAL?

8: "yeah man, I'm going be a SEAL"

9: "well let's just say, that when shit goes down, and you guys fuck up, that's when they send us in, to clean up after y'all."

8: (in shock) "holy shit, no way man"

9: "yeah man, I mean come on, 800...900, can't you count?" My company's duty day where we are signed out to do the miserable shit. DS asked, "How many of you know how to drive a truck?" - roughy 15 hands went up. He said, "all you truck drivers, form up over here." After they formed up he said, "now, truck your fucking asses down to the chow hall for some KP." Great Lakes, 1994, company 159.

I had a bottom bunk, guy on top bunk was a guy who barely spoke english.  One day we were marching around  and he was too afraid to speak up and let the Company Commander know he had to poop.  He pooped his dungaree pants and left a trail that those marching behind him walked through.  When the CC realized what was up, he halted the formation, grabbed the guy and ran into the nearest building.  WHen they reappeared, Poopy Pants had removed his t-shirt and fashioned it into a diaper to make it back to our barracks building.

One night, the guy in the top bunk next to mine had a nightmare and in his sleep he jumped out of his rack.  He crashed into my bunk, spraining his arm, ankle, and putting a gash into his head and had no idea what was going on.

Another night, I was on fire watch, making my rounds at 0300 inthe morning.  The AROC (one of the recruit leadership positions), who was a big, macho guy, decided he couldn't take it anymore. He tied a belt around his neck and was going to hang himself when I caught him.  The Chief on duty was pissed that he had to be awakened, called for assistance, and that's the last time we saw AROC. One of my platoon buds was a bit of a masochist and got off hard 2 the sergeant yelling at him. It was sort of funny to watch this sergeant berate him for a good 5 minutes and then he'd run off to rub one out in the wash room. One time we were all sleep deprived and sarg was just ragging on him telling him he's made of stronger stuff and to keep going u weakling! before he fell over he said "oh fucking shit." pretty sure he came in his pants and passed out. I'm only slightly surprised this is a thing... Not me but a coworker who was in the Navy. 


Space is at a premium in a nuclear submarine. They slept in two to three high bunks that were barely wider than a park bench and folded up. Things got cramped, and with constantly recircing oxygen deficient air, it was not the most pleasant work environment. To make it worse, my coworker allegedly had an officer that went out of his way to be a jerk. As a punishment, he would tell them to "make it rain."

That meant, everybody would get out of their bunks, get on the ground and start doing pushups. How many? Until the moisture from their sweat and breaths would condense on the steel ceiling and "rain." 

Yeah, i'm glad I wasn't in the Navy All I got out of this thread was that drill seargents are hilarious assholes.  Towards the end of basic, our DS had the platoon sitting on the hillside one evening, giving us the good guy speech (rare). I don't know what it was I ate (I suspect it was the bread pudding) but when I SBD'd, it was so putrid that even I gagged. It just kinda hung in the air and slowly moved to my left.  Guys were twitching like nerve gas had hit them... Then the ones to the left of them were looking with fear in their eyes, knowing it was headed their way and there wasn't a damn thing they could do to stop it. It slowly floated out of the AO and No sooner than the air cleared, round 2 hit. DS said, "on your feet" and marched us to a safer location. When I was on the rife range at Paris Island a rife instructor told us a story about one time when he had a female platoon come thru. One girls rife didn't work right and they found out it was because the buffer was under her pillow in the squad bay... I guess everyone gets lonely. ( for people not well versed in the M16-A2 the buffer is in the rifle's stock and looks like a dildo. )  If you've never been to basic training, just think of the most insane and bonkers situations possible.  That pretty much sums it up.  You will meet, be expected to get along with, and work with some of the dumbest people imaginable.  A lot of these idiots are 18 and have never experienced life on their own.  Years later you will look back on it and realize that you made some really stupid decisions yourself.  

I never thought all that junk would fit in one bag.  I mean, it's *a lot* of junk, and the bag isn't all that big.  One of my first lessons off the bus from reception is yes, all that stuff *will* fit in the bag if you are determined enough.  Guess what?  Stuffing all that junk in the bag suddenly gets way easier when the person next to you helps you, then you help that person.  Teamwork!

There was the time when we were doing a field exercise, and some guy got caught with a girl in her sleeping bag.  We were not allowed tents, we were literally out in the open.  They thought they were getting away with it.  

Another time a female tried to kill herself by chugging a whole bottle of Simple Green.  NON TOXIC SIMPLE GREEN.  It says it right on the bottle.  She threw it up and got hauled off by EMTs.  Don't think I saw her after that.  

The day after the Super Bowl (this was when I was in AIT, and we were allowed a few liberties) I was all dressed up in civilians and getting ready to go to the PX.  I walk out of the barracks and see my entire company in uniform, in formation outside.  No Drill Sergeants in sight.  I had to make a decision.  Run inside and get back in uniform and join my brothers and sisters?  Or range-walk my happy ass out of the AO?  I picked option 2.  I got back that evening and they were still gone.  I was listening to a CD and in they come.  Covered head to toe in mud.  They had been getting smoked for almost 6 hours in the mud pit.  I had a hearty laugh at that.  The reason the (majority) of the company got smoked, by the way, is because the Day Room was untidy.  Suckers. I think my personal favourite is George Edward (Rube) Waddell. Possibly one of the greatest baseballers in history. However he was constantly getting drunk on field and off, wrestled alligators, married so many women he forgot the count and best of all, was so incredibly dim that he would be distracted by shiny objects or puppies at ball games and would leave the mound mid-game and chase after fire trucks that might pass by. Truly a hero forgotten by time.  My personal Fav for baseball is the Pirates pitcher who threw a no hitter on Acid. Great Story. During the Cuban Missle Crisis, when the US had an embargo around Cuba, US Destroyers located a Russian sub in international waters, and began dropping depth charges on it, in an attempt to get the ship to surface.  The sub was deep underwater, and out of radio contact from the outside world, so the ship did not know whether war between the USA and Russia had broken out.  The Subs commander wanted to fire a torpedo with a nuclear warhead at the destroyer pursuing them.  The three political officers on board the ship were in favor of launching the torpedo, but the second in command was vehemtly opposed.  Instead the sub surfaced, and went on home back to Moscow.

Had the Sub began firing torpedoes, many people would have died, and a full scale nuclear exchange between the USA and Russia could have also resulted.

More on the story: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vasili_Arkhipov#Involvement_in_Cuban_Missile_Crisis
   I don't run into a lot of people who know about it, but Gilles de Rais, who was a companion of Joan of Arc became notorious for becoming a child killer and practitioner of sorcery after her death. The story of [Yang Kyoungjong](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yang_Kyoungjong), the Korean who served in the Japanese army, the Red army and the Wehrmacht in the Second World War.

He was finally captured by the US army in Normandy and allowed to settle in the USA, where he died, in Illinois, in the 1990s. [The Emperor of San Francisco]( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emperor_Norton) was a pretty cool dude

Tl;dr had his own currency, stopped race riots, made laws, loved by everyone Ben Franklin once put England and France on the verge of war just for fun.  He was going to be in England for months and was bored.  He sent a letter to the London newspaper under a false name, complaining that England should not be forced to take overflow prisoners from France.  France had not been deporting prisoners - he made it up.  The story caught fire, and the British were incensed this was happening.  The French got angry - Our prisoners aren't good enough for your filthy country?  The head's of state had to get involved to calm the whole thing down.  Franklin never admitted this hoax till many years later. "Why did you do it Mr.Franklin?"

"Teh lulz" The supposed story behind the saying "Don't kill the messenger." I heard the story on reddit so it must be true.

Link: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genghis_Khan#Khwarezmian_Empire

Summary: Genghis Khan sent a trade caravan to the Khwarezmid empire, the governor of one city seized it and killed the traders. Genghis Khan retaliated by invading the empire with 200,000 men and killing the governor by pouring molten silver down his eyes and mouth. Genghis Khan even went so far as to divert a river through the Khwarezmid emperor's birthplace, erasing it from the map.

tl;dr: Don't fuck with Khan. So I'm Indian - but have a *really* American "white guy" accent. But for some reason, when I'm speaking English with Indian people, my accent unconsciously turns into an Indian accent I deliberately did the opposite. I have a strongly regional Irish accent, and moved to England when I was 18. I got teased, people didn't understand me sometimes, but it's part of me so I fought it slipping and learned to take the jokes in reasonable humour.
