This "Food Babe" lady is a fraud and a charlatan of the worst kind—the kind that pretends to be an expert in biology, chemistry, and nutrition, but actually knows absolutely nothing about any of the three. She's also the idiot who started the "yoga mat chemical in Subway bread" thing, which every food chemist in the world laughed at. Didn't matter—she has such a large following that she was able to bully Subway into changing their bread recipe anyway. If I was OP, I would be fucking livid at the grandma. That's a terribly inconsiderate thing to do, and she gets a free pass because she's old.    

Edit: I didn't know she was only 66. That's completely inexcusable. The Church bulletin part is what got me, like since when are weddings public events?

edit: I realize that some people do this when its **their own** church, but to have a family member invite their (different) church to a small wedding is still ridiculous. This wedding was obviously not intended to be a public event. My church's bulletin will often announce weddings and funerals at the church.  It informs people in the church when it will be in use, as well as notifying the congregation of big news in the church.



It doesn't mean to be an invitation always, but it usually is listed.  It was put in the bulletin at the grandmas church, not the church they are getting married at.  But the grandma is only 66 according to OP, it's not like she's an 87 year old senile living-with-30-cats churchlady. Sounds to me like a classic narcissist, wanting her friends to see her and fawn over her on her grandchild's "special day".

I could be totally off base, but the point is 66 is not old enough to pull this shit and claim old persons disease. &gt; 66 is not old enough to pull this shit and claim old persons disease.

OTOH, "our beloved grandma got a little confused" is completely accurate, and if it causes people to think that grandma is not to be trusted because she's not completely aware of what's going on, that's also completely accurate - and deserved. Exactly. There are European countries where men's retirement age is 67. Sure, women retire earlier in most countries. It's called "equality": the part of population which lives statistically longer retires sooner. Makes sense... for someone.. somewhere, I guess. that's *nothing!!*

I just got back from a destination wedding and the groom is our very close friend. Every week, him and his new bride would tell us stories about what his mother was up to, this time. 

She invited a ton of her family members to the bridal shower and the bride didn't want that, she wanted close friends and family, not extended family that they barely saw. The groom's mother's reasoning? *it's mostly HER people and I have your sister and father and aunts*

I believe at one point, she even told the groom that the wedding was about her and not the bride.  Oh god, my mother-in-law got like that when we told her my parents were requesting that we keep our wedding to 100 guests to stay within budget. That meant some of her family wasn't getting invited. 

Being that my family was flying in from another state, and only 7 of my family members were attending and the rest was her family and friends, I was pretty ticked. I told her she could pay the extra (wasn't going to happen), accept that she needed to cut some people, or her son and I would fly to Michigan and get married at the cottage my mom's family owned, which would give her an easy excuse for why her friends weren't invited. 

She quickly clammed up and cut some people when she realized that not only could she not afford to pay for them to come, but if we flew to MI, she wouldn't be able to afford to come herself. We had a lovely wedding with 100 lovely guests, and no one was upset at all. Sometimes you have to lay down the law with MILs.  Wow. Can't imagine what went through that grandmother's mind... As noted in the comments, there are cultures in which people do not limit the number of wedding guests.  Grandma may come from one of those cultures, or she may just suffer from dementia.

I have seen church weddings in which the bride and groom posted open invitations in the church bulletin.  If this is commonly done at Grandma's church, she may have incorrectly assumed that is how it is done everywhere. time to go to the home grandma.  Oh your fingers hurt? Well guess what? Now your backs gonna hurt cuz you just pulled landscaping duty.