The other quote from Vonnegut on this comes from *Mother Night*: 

&gt; “Oh, it’s just so damn cheap, so damn typical.” I said, “This used to be a day in honor of the dead of World War One, but the living couldn’t keep their grubby hands off of it, wanted the glory of the dead for themselves. So typical, so typical. Any time anything of real dignity appears in this country, it’s torn to shreds and thrown to the mob.”
 I think you're missing the point that the holiday went from remembering what happens after a huge war is over (Armistice Day) to celebrating the fact that we could be fighting right now (Veterans Day). Maybe this way will be more obvious: 

Becoming a veteran comes by waging war. Armistice comes by waging peace.  Foundation really *is* one of the masterworks of sci-fi, but I re-read the original trilogy last year and it's very talky, with quite a lot of deus-ex-machina plot points. I wonder if Nolan will have to change it significantly to make it palatable to a cable audience? i don't think you could describe cable tv any better than 'talky and with a lot of deus-ex-machina plot points"

it's perfect Holy crap! Foundation is such a great series, this is going to be incredible. I can't wait! You might actually have a reading disability. Even as an adult, you can be tested for a reading disability and get tutoring to improve your reading skills at private reading centers. It's expensive as all fuck, but if you can afford it, it might be worth considering.  I'm an adult basic education instructor. I have something for you to try. It sounds silly, but I've seen lots of success. 
White paper is bad for the eyes of a lot of people. Problems like dyslexia, words jumbling together, "rivers" running down the page, word dropoff, etc., are very common. 
While it doesn't work for everyone, placing a colored overlay (think transparent plastic in multiple available colors) can make an immense difference. You can buy things like these online, or maybe find them at a craft store. They are so cheap, and with the drastic improvement I've seen in some students I would recommend trying something like this first. +1. I used to do this with dense/complicated sheet music and it surprisingly helped a lot. I'm curious, what colour/translucency would you two recommend?

Edit: I don't think I'm dyslexic, I just have a hard time reading at length quite often. I'll try out a few, thank you all for the suggestions. I used green. I don't know the science behind it so I don't know if that's the best or just the best for me. I believe blue is also common. 

I got all of mine from one of my instructors so I couldn't tell you exactly where it came from. I'm sorry. But I know you can get them online fairly cheap.

Edit for visibility since other have chimed in a little farther down: test out different colors, everyone is different.  I've tutored people with reading LDs. My students with LDs described reading the *exact* way OP describes reading. They also wrote the way he or she writes. I'd say it's absolutely worth looking into.

http://www.ncld.org/adults-learning-disabilities/do-i-have-ld

And OP, there's absolutely no shame in asking for help with learning. In my experience, the vast majority of schools have a cookie-cutter "one size fits all" approach to teaching reading and writing. In reality, everyone learns differently, and people who need to learn a different way than the average person end up getting screwed. If you managed to get through high school—or even middle school—without reading a book, I'd say the system failed you.

 The run on sentences throughout, and where there is punctuation it's often incorrect, or it has spaces between the punctuation and the word. Also stuff like using "remarks" instead of "marks" in the first sentence, or breaking up "mockingbird" into two words. Many of my LD students wrote very similarly. 

**But** I want to stress it's not like I thought, "Oh you don't use commas correctly—you must have an LD!" Combined with the way he/she describes reading, which is the same way most of my diagnosed students described it, the writing seemed like a red flag.  Also, OP should try audiobooks!

I agree that sounds like a reading disability, but there are other ways to accommodate it than addressing it head on. For many people, getting exposed to a *love* of the story via another means (audiobook) is a great way to love things about books.  Reading is a skill, just like anything else. I would recommend starting with some "lower reading level" stuff - YA lit is great for that as it's meant to be easy to absorb and get into, and there are a lot of cool universes and concepts being explored by those authors these days. Or pick up the novel a movie you like was based off of; sometimes it helps to already have background with the story so you can focus on digesting the text itself and save yourself a lot of the "what's the big picture here?" work. 

Good luck! Grab some Harry potter. It may be that your issue is that you don't read well enough to read fluently. You lack the skill. Someone who is fluent in reading doesn't notice the "reading" when reading a book, all they notice is the story. Much like a person who watches a movie doesn't notice the movie-making or the theater (unless the story is dull.) Or much like a person when they are speaking their native language; they don't notice they are talking, all they concern themselves with is with the message they are hoping to convey. The talking is fluent and transparent. So it is with fluent reading.

If you want to read books, you need to learn to read better until you're fluent at it. To do this, pick a book with a story you might enjoy, read slowly, read smaller sections, and do it every day. Learning to read fluently is like learning anything else, to be good at it, practice, practice, practice, and once you learn to read fluently doing it regularly.

It's my view, and it's just a perception, that many people, perhaps even most, are unable to read fluently. This issue is exacerbated by the ubiquity of visual media. try reading the Harry Potters, I used to really struggle with reading until a couple of years ago when I found these, because i'd already seen the movies I was able to make so much more sense of what was going on and it helped me into the whole reading process.... They are an interesting yet not overly complicated book to read. I was going to recommend the same thing here. The series begins fairly simplistically as it was written mainly for kids. As the years pass, the books become more complicated, longer and are more geared towards adults. It could be a good jumping off point for you to get into reading. Once you get going, you'll never be bored in a line, or have nothing to do again, and it's wonderful. 


As a note, I'm recommending this as a former English teacher who has read thousands of books in my lifetime.  TL DR