Men and women are not segregated. Women compete and win open chess competitions which also have male competitors. There are some women-only competitions to encourage more women into the game, since there are far more male than female chess players.

EDIT: More in-depth reply [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2ly83y/eli5why_are_men_and_women_segregated_in_chess/clzmxak?context=3) I would like to see a competition held specifically for tall, slim Scotsmen with beards, multiple middle names and the ability to armpit fart the national anthem. I would also like for this competition to offer a prize of one million dollars.

With no other applicants, it'll be the easiest money I ever made.

Edit: holy shit, this exploded with popularity whilst I was at work. Also, first ever Reddit Gold! Thank you, kind stranger, whoever you are. You've made my week! Then you show up all excited about your default win, only to see five other guys waiting. four guys, one gal, but you won't realize that until later... The kilt keeps all secrets until the first gust of wind. No true Scotsman would participate in such a thing. What about special leagues for black people or latino people?  In the black only league does white go second?  No, but it feels guilty about it. Are there 'whites only' dominoes tournaments? Like when I order a Dominos pizza and eat the whole thing?

Edit: Thanks for the gold! Very similar. However, the tournament's redundant since everyone loses. Not weight though That sort of segregation is solely for raising the comfort level of the participants.  Like a women's only gym.  Not like Augusta National. Actually, the segregation at Augusta National is quite specifically for raising the comfort level of the participants.  The thing is, there isn't really any segregation in chess between the sexes. A woman's only league exists, but it's mainly a marketing tool to get woman into chess. Women are free to compete in the main competition just as much as men are. In fact, the current top female player (who happens to be the greatest female player in history) does not even compete in the woman's league. She is a grandmaster who has been ranked in the top 10 of the world in the past, and has a current elo rating of 2675. Susan Polgar is no longer in the top 10 any more, sadly. She's now the 69th best player (I'm not making this up, [check it here](http://ratings.fide.com/top.phtml?list=men)). Also, she retired recently. Ah, I see. Kind of a shame since she's only 38. First female to ever beat a world champion, and it was Kasparov to boot...Granted it wasn't while he was champion, but beating Kasparov isn't exactly an easy feat. They are not segregated into a men-only and women-only competitions. They are segregated into everyone-allowed and women-only competitions. It just so happens that in the top 100 of best players, there are only 2 women, and one of them retired recently, so in practice the everyone-allowed competitions tend to have almost only men.

A large part of the reason that the top 100 are almost all men is that there are simply many more male chess players than female chess players. Whether that is the only reason or not is a topic of a lot of debate, so I won't say anything more about that. AutismHour is using caps lock to show sarcasm, the part of his statement in all capital letters is sarcasm. More men participate than women. If 95% of the competitors are men, 95% of the champions will be men. If no women win then other women will be discouraged from competing, so we create all-women leagues.  That's not a good reason. 

If 5% of players are black should there be a black league too? In chess, 50% of the players are black. *Sigh* Have an upvote and get out it's not a good reason but it is THE reason sadly. Same goes for title 9 scholarships... and other things used to create equality but not really creating equality.  It's pissing me off that people don't understand that. It's the same for most fields, it's not fucking sexism to create women-only leagues, it's so you advertise women doing that discipline, so more young ladies will do that, and the discipline gets more diverse.

Just because something hurts your feelings a bit doesn't mean it's wrong, seriously people. Exactly. Young women need role models, so that in the future the ratio can be more balanced. We're not living the end result yet folks.  &gt;  We're not living the end result yet folks.

True, this kind of stuff takes **generations** to have an impact.  Sorry to tell you but during vomiting, the digestive tract can very much go backwards. Ingesta from your small intestine will move backwards into your stomach. 

The stomach will still remain mostly empty and will continue to secrete the things it normally does. The lining (should) be intact. Eating and drink can sometimes promote proper movement of ingesta but there are many factors that contribute to vomiting, which is why simply eating or drinking does not stop vomiting. 


Edit: For those that want some more physiology behind vomiting. There are four main mechanisms that can induce vomiting and nausea. First there is input from the vestibular system, which is responsible for motion sickness that people get. Second, there is the limbic or central component, this is what makes you sick when you smell or see something disgusting, like someone else vomiting. Third, there is the chemoreceptor trigger zone (CRTZ) that is part of your brain that is in direct contact with your blood stream which is looking for toxic molecules circulating in your blood stream. Morphine in a lot of people can stimulate this, making many people sick from morphine injections. Lastly, there can be visceral nerve fibers that are part of your intestines that can trigger vomiting from direct inflammation or swelling of the GI tract itself. 

The sequence of events happening up to vomiting usually go in a specific order. You will forcefully take in air and close your glottis to protect your lungs, hypersalivate to protect your mouth and esophagus, motility of the intestines and stomach reverses (called reverse peristalsis), forceful constriction of abdominal muscles to increase pressure (the abdominal press), and relaxation of your upper and lower esophageal sphincters to allow ejection. 

Edit #2: No, you can't eat with your butthole. And no, you can't vomit up entire turds.

Nausea from anxiety is a normal physiologic response so you can puke up your contents so you can run faster. Not sure on this mechanism as I study non-human animals, maybe someone else knows more. So we can vomit shit? This actually came up in conversation yesterday. According to my sister-in-law who is taking a nursing course: yes, you absolutely can. Politicians do this all the time in public! *Slow claps* *Slow clapping intensifies* *emotionally touching standing ovation occurs* *announces candidacy*

*wins election by a landslide*

*does nothing* *Thanks Obama* You certainly can if my wife is cooking. Well seeing as how someone brought it up, here's my tale of misery whilst driving the porcelain school bus.


This tale starts not from vomiting but instead from constipation. I'd been plugged up like I'd been cramming my ass with concrete and walnut husks for the last 5 days. Life was miserable and I was desperate, I'd done olive oil, drunk and... applied otherwise, black as a angst filled teenagers heart coffee followed by shots of prune juice. Jumping jacks and other limbering exercises and all to no avail.


I mentioned I was desperate. Finally my GF (now ex, it may be related to this story) went to retrieve me some stomach aids. She returned with these giant fucking suppositories, imagine someone cut a golf ball into thirds, that's what we are dealing with. Fuck it says I and crammed a double dose far up my ass. Then I wait.


And wait... etc...


Next day, nothings changed other than my ass is sore from me fiddling with it and I'm thinking I will have to give up and head to the hospital. A vision strikes me through my poop delirium! UNCLE WILLIE'S CHICKEN!!!

You see, uncle willies is this gross, cheap shit buffet but what's magic about it is, the chicken will make you shit a hurricane in 20 minutes flat. I think they use it for checking the Geneva clock or whatever. I go to uncle willies, I eat the chicken and race home. I'm excited like a kid on Christmas, a book, two magazines, my phone to keep me occupied and a cloth to bite on (now 6 days people, come prepared), I push the door closed and light a candle.


This is the moment you've been waiting for.


My guts begin the uncle willies dance and start to sing the songs of their people, I even think the pancreas got involved somehow. Something feels wrong though, drastically wrong... I start to run cold, ice cold. My mouth starts running constantly, a tablespoon per second of saliva with a higher salt content than the dead sea. I wonder if this is how I die, like Elvis with a dollar store mulled wine scented candle burning merrily beside me, a curiously Asian looking Santa Claus emblazoned on the front of it. 

I guess what happened is that the turd boulder in my loins stopped the egress of any further fluids and solids downwards... there was only one way out. I start vomiting chicken, projectile vomiting greasy chicken, skin and all like a moat around me, none shall enter! I finish the chicken layer of belly sediment and look around, ugh god, getting queasy again. 


I unleash the next round. It tastes like medicine. Like really gross fucking awful medicine, like soup made from rattle snake piss medicine... I'm in the middle of this bout of trying to rock myself back and forth between convulsions while hurling vomit spouts at the tub, but the shower curtain is closed so it's just splashing and sliding down onto the floor anyway... Then it hits me...


The only medicine I've taken in two days was the suppositories I shoved up my ass.....    

I realize this vomit is coming from the darkest regions of hell, approximately 4 inches from the exit portal all the way up. This just makes the nausea worse, I heave and heave and heave and finally it happens. I start vomiting diarrhea, no question about it. I half scream through my gurgle of shit mouthwash but it keeps happening. My gf starts to open the door, asking if I'm okay. I holler "STAY BACK!", she assures me she is near if I need anything. 


I'm in the worst state ever. I've got shit covering my mouth, teeth, tongue, chin and shirt as well as foamy ass medication. The cat saunters into the bathroom through the door my gf left ajar. He climbs up onto the counter to inspect me. I look at him, he looks at me puzzled. He turns around to jump off the counter and plants his tail/asshole zone right into the lit candle on the counter! He roars as his furry ass ignites and runs out the door. I immediately give chase to try and extinguish my cat! 


I do a running tackle across the living room, do some awkward tactile roll and am violently smacking my cats ass, then I look up... at my gf on the couch, eyes wide and jaw slack in horror...time slowed down... me in a white undershirt only, eyes blood red and crying from ultra vomiting for an hour. Smoldering cat clawing the shit out of me...

SHIT RUNNING DOWN MY CHIN FROM MY MOUTH... She screamed, took the cat and went for a long drive. 


Finally took that dump the next day. Gf never checked on me in the bathroom again. And its an awful feeling too.