Leela: Didn't you have ads in the 21st century?

Fry: Well sure, but not in our *dreams*. Only on TV and radio... and in magazines, and movies, and at ball games... and on buses and milk cartons and t-shirts, and bananas and written on the sky. But not in dreams, no siree! I think we need to know what kind of TV that is... you know... for avoision purposes.

 Panasonic Viera Well that pretty much guarantees I will never buy another Panasonic product again indeed.  Who could have thought that is an acceptable idea?  Like we don't get enough ads thrown in our face all god damn day as it is.  You can go into the options and turn them off. Found that out a week after I got mine. Why on earth would someone leave this option turned on? Someone who didn't know the option was there. My parents or grandparents generation for example who wouldnt go looking and would probably just accept the ads as part of the relentless march of "innovation and technology" Not that it excuses the practice, but I found [this](http://www.cnet.com/how-to/turn-off-banner-ads-on-your-2013-panasonic-tv/) which might help you disable them, if you don't outright disconnect (which I might, just because I wouldn't trust them not to spy on me).

Apparently this has been going on for a few years. I have a Panasonic Viera I purchased in 2009, so it's not a smart TV, but if this shit keeps up, there's no way I'd ever buy another one. Farking dumb, greedy ass bullshit. &gt; Farking dumb, greedy ass bullshit.

Why you said "Farking" instead of "Fucking" and then proceeded to use two other expletives is beyond comprehension.  That's a little more than mildly infuriating in my opinion. I'd consider getting something different if I were you. That TV should cost half as much as a similar TV because its ad based. Now here's an interesting idea. You pay less for the TV, but it includes ads for X amount of viewing hours. I think you're onto something. That's how Amazon does on their Kindle devices. Is that even legal? They are using your bandwidth to show you shit you never asked for. Baked Lays are the absolute WORST when it comes to this. 100% agreed. Not even worth buying or adding to a sandwich combo. They're worthless.  Because it's a good combo.  Oh. Well, personally it just works well. Sandwiches tend to be soft and a little moist, so a crispy, dry snack compliments it well. They just taste good together, and it's an excuse to have chips without just eating them on their own and gaining nothing nutritionally. Your sad sack of slivers has inspired this song:
https://soundcloud.com/songaboutyourpost/nearly-empty-chip-bag-blues

also, DAMN, I hate that! I get that the air is to protect the chip but... MAN!