People always start to whine and complain that a band/artist/producer has sold out when they change even a bit of their established sound. That's not selling out, that's artistic growth.

This, however, is selling out.  &gt; This, however, is selling out. 

The fall of the house of Usher.  This isn't your average, every day selling out. This is...advanced selling out.  [Judge for yourself.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T2M50L3p400) The best cereal box promotion ever was, and always will be Chex Quest. And Rollercoaster Tycoon Think about this. Roller coaster tycoon was a triple-A game when it came out (as triple-A as any PC game was at the time anyway). Most people got it as a promotional item in a $6 cereal box. Now you're more likely to find promotional cereal in a $60 game. In assembly. &gt;Available Exclusively

This is just head-pounding-level cluelessness from the record industry.  I sure as hell hope General Mills did not spend one dollar on this.

**THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS EXCLUSIVE BECAUSE IN FIVE SECONDS THE SONG WILL BE EVERYWHERE AND FREELY AVAILABLE TO ANYONE WHO WANTS IT.  EXCLUSIVITY IN THE MUSIC INDUSTRY DOES NOT EXIST.** Well this may not be the biggest sell out ever but it's definitely the weirdest!

At least Dr. Dre sold out to Pepsi with Dr. Pepper commercials, that makes SOME sense. Usher + cereal? Shouldn't it be Usher and.... movie theater ushers? I don't know. Better than forcing it on my Itunes.... [Relevant South African Cartoon.](http://www.zapiro.com/cartoon/2393981-141019st#.VGDwB_mUcb4) Funny cartoon, but why did they draw him to look like a 65 year old? Ankles, the achilles heel of the electronic tag program. Four words: Chastity Belt Location Monitor. He'll be swimming in letters from women. Women love prisoners The Daily Mail basically already is the Onion. A racist Onion that thinks everything causes cancer or falling house prices, yes. THIS JUST IN: CAUSALITY LOOP INVOLVING HOUSING PRICES AND CANCER IS REACHING CRITICAL MASS Immigrants unfairly advantaged in housing cancer crisis?  Why don't they just take his prosthetic legs away so he can't go anywhere? Fun fact! He apparently shot his girlfriend and ran around the apartment without his legs on. So, it appears he's quite mobile on the stumps.  Here is the solution. If a quadriplegic can be on the run and listed as armed and dangerous for a double homicide... well then anything is possible. [They've had a solution to this since 1991.](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0103239/) This problem really stumped the Judge. I don't have him pegged as a dummy or anything, but it seems like a knee-jerk reaction. I think this is an example of why so many government workers feel defeeted: they try to get a leg up, but when the regulations don't provide quick answers, the regulators end up having to dig in their heels. Still, I don't think this injustice should stand - we have to treat people with dignity, not kick them to the curb. Your artificial limb references are off the chain bro I stand corrected. Don't be lame. Lame puns are my Achilles heel. Haha. This made me crack up pretty good.

Couldn't they adapt one for his wrist?! Right in the article is says tags can't legally be put on wrists as they are to easy too take off. You got your "to" and "too" backwards.  :-P &gt;Right in the article is says tags can't legally be put on wrists as they are ot easy oot take off.

Phew That's not the problem. Feet are much bigger than hands. Dislocate your thumb and you're home free. That was too detailed.  