Your aunt is a crappy parent. The only thing you can do is let you cousin know that you think she is special. 

She could probably use a good person like you in her life. The next 6 years are going to be tough. This could be one of those times where you could make a difference in someones life.  To go off of that, the reasons you don't want to interfere directly are:

1. Aunt's not going to change who she is because of something you say to her 

2. Anything you say to aunt can be construed as you meddling in her family's affairs, or you getting between her and her daughter. This causes the kind of drama in the family that you should try to avoid at all costs 

3. Aunt controls access to your cousin. If she's to have a chance at happiness in the next few years, she's going to need sympathetic adults to hang out with or talk to. 

The best thing you can do is be her friend and help her out when you can. Parents tend to get defensive about how they raise their children, even when, and perhaps especially when, they know they are shitty parents.  You could also consider but do not feel obligated to invite your cousin and a few of their friends out as sort of a redemption, some ice cream cake and a trip to a science center should be about $100 total and your cousin would prolly remember it for their entire life I would say you can even avoid the birthday cliches for this outing.  I hate my birthday because they were always sucky (not in the same way as here) so it might be worthwhile to show the 11 year old that it is just another day and you can celebrate whenever.  Because I have a feeling this isn't her first nor her last shitty Birthday.  Bottom-line though just treating a kid to something JUST FOR THEM that has a narcissistic parent is huge. I'd say being selfish at your kid's birthday party is pretty crappy.  My mom was a crappy parent sometimes, and my aunt was always my biggest fan. I never once stopped appreciating it, my entire life, even after I've worked through the similar issues my mother put me through when I was a kid.  What a mess. Your aunt is a special kind of parent and her daughter is lucky to have you around.

Can you take your cousin out for a day or have her over for a girl's weekend? Let her pick the restaurant, take her out for ice cream, and go for a mini shopping spree. Maybe make it a yearly thing around her birthday. It seems like such a small thing, but it'll make a huge difference in this girl's life. I think by "special" she meant "mentally handicapped." If I were you I'd set up a savings account for your little cousin, and start quietly putting a little money in whenever you can. Because at 18, she's going to want to bolt, and you can start helping her now. /r/raisedbynarcissists is again relevant.

Your aunt cares about herself rather than her kid. If you can afford it throw her another party, I doubt the aunt will even notice. But reaching out to the kid will help a lot, she needs someone to be there for her if things get worse.  The only reason she'd notice is because the attention wouldn't be directed at her.  You can tell her how you feel, but it's still her child. This isn't abuse. She just wanted to be selfish. Believe it or not, some women really do think it's "their birthday" as they're the one who sat through delivery. I think if you want to do something nice for your cousin, take her to the movies or go buy her something and spend the day together. However, you really shouldn't overstep by throwing another party. It's not your child. It's just going to cause issues with your aunt. That's unnecessary. You can still do something special just the two of you. To be honest, I think someone should cause issues with her aunt. It's not appropriate to be a dick to your family, especially not your own daughter on her birthday. Someone needs to tell her she's behaving like a selfish brat.

I know if my mom was like that, my aunt would step up to the plate and chew out my mom, and throw me a family birthday at her house. No question about it. And my mom would do the same for any of my cousins. I'd like to think I'd do the same for my younger family members if I had a house and they had shitty selfish parents. I know not everyone has a family who is super close, but it sounds like OP's family is, so I don't think a second party would be out of line.

Either way, I hope someone in this little girl's life is making up for her selfish mom. 

 You, sir, have your priorities straight. Good on you man, your daughter will be lucky to have you as a dad!

I know it sucks, but chin up, and &lt;brohug&gt; Dadding Like A Boss. That's what you're doing. Troll story or nutty sister story, not sure which. Okay OP how about not having her be your bridesmaid? Your first priority should be to mend your relationship with your husband. Your marriage is off to a rocky start, and although your mil was the cause of external stress, your relationship couldn't handle it. That is the real issue here, and should be dealt with.

I understand how you want to fix things with your mil, and you want your husband there, but if your marriage hasn't worked out the internal issues yet, don't go and try to fix your situation with your mil which may cause extra stress for your marriage. The mil situation should be prioritized secondly, and confronted and dealt with once your marriage is united again.

You and your husband were not a unified entity during the wedding planning, and I think getting help and counseling for it is the best approach. Also get couples counseling. I wish you luck in counseling, and you should be able to overcome this. IMO your husband should possibly have set stricter boundaries with his mom, but you are married now, so placing blame and pointing fingers are unconstructive. You are in this together and need to solve it together. 

So form a team and fix your team before fixing external issues. Assuming your perspective is the correct one perhaps instead you should be sitting down with yoour husband instead to discuss why he just stepped back especially when she admitted in the email she was overbearing. Mike, your husband, if he comes to this "meeting" is just going to sit there and say nothing. The bigger issue is he has no spine when coming up against his own mother and this will come up again when you have children. He should be the one speaking half the time!  If he's not in your corner, it's not going to go well--you need to provide a united front. Trust issues aside, you can help your case by sitting down with him, have him send her a message, and not leave his side until it's "seen". You should also work on the trust issues, however! I suspect you, actually, aren't quite as in love with each other as you're making out. You didn't trust him at the start, and he clearly doesn't trust you now if he thinks you pulled this stunt. Either that, or he's using this as an excuse to break up with you for other reasons. You may want to consider that this isn't the reason for breaking up, but rather the excuse. If he is that adamant about breaking up, this could have been the convenient exit he's been looking for. &gt;  I am not comfortable with her having sex with another man.

Then don't have a foursome. 

It's really not a big deal. She suggested it as a possibility, but once she saw you were not comfortable with it, she dropped the idea. If she kept pushing the idea after you said no, that would be a problem, but this way i don't think it's a really big deal. 

BTW, you were OK with having sex with another woman in the context of the threesome, and and don't think that's a really big difference. 

 Tell him that you are hurt, but you need the entire truth *right now*.

If he plans on only telling part of the story, and more comes out later, you will be devastated and rebuilding trust will become that much more difficult. This happened to me. Turned out he was cheating on me with several women. I found a video of some chick masturbating and asking for his number.  Eventually I found out he had cheated on me a day after our wedding and whilst I was pregnant with our daughter. He lied to me. Trust was completely destroyed and I was never able to trust him again. We ended up divorcing. I'm sorry you are going through this. My only advice is to ask him to come clean and if you think things can be amended, get marriage counseling because you need it. Just tell him the truth, tell him how this made you feel. Am I the only one here who thinks/feels like this is a way bigger deal then a "I'm hurt" situation? This is like his first step into cheating. Think of what could have happened if she hadn't caught him this early. How he is seeking out another womans body and attention. That he sent her nude pictures! If this was my SO I would view it close to the same level as cheating. 

You think he sent pictures and received pictures and didn't masturbate to them or sext with her?  In my opinion it is cheating. If my partner acts in a sexual manner with anybody besides myself, it is cheating. Unless otherwise discussed. I would leave the pictures up on the computer and wait for him there and when he does point out the pictures and say "this really needs an explaination. Why are you exchanging dirty pictures with a very young looking girl? I need to know exactly what is going on here." It is my opinion that he's cheating but I obviously don't know your relationship boundaries or have the ability to know exactly what he has or hasn't done. Prepare for denial, anger, overcopensation, it all getting blamed on you ect. depending on who he is. Anyways confronting him directly is the only way you'll know what he has done, why, and if the relationship is saveable. If you want to get more advice, update after you speak to him about this about what happened. You don't have much here for any of us to give much advice on. Don't mention her age at first. These are two separate issues. If you start talking about her age, you allow him to divert the topic away from his apparent betrayal. Bring it up later, as a further point, but don't get it out in the opening discussion.  It's gonna be an uphill battle, I'd say. 

You were 18/21 when ya'll started? He may have never had a chance to play the field, as it were, and may be getting itchy. 

Talk to him. See if he's willing to put in the work, and make this last. Ya'll are going to need to really revamp privacy, if you want to trust him again... and counseling never hurts. 