What are those black bits? Looks a bit like scorch marks or something. &gt; Dark splotches are places where ice cracked earlier in spring, releasing sand. Soon the dunes will be completely bare and all signs of spring activity will be gone.

[Source](http://www.nasa.gov/content/martian-sand-dunes-in-spring/#.VGHUv_mUeaI) By 'soon' do you mean next Tuesday soon or 413 years from now soon? [deleted] Such a nice planet. I think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life there. What we're looking at here is the extent of human ("manned") space exploration. An atom, in a drop, in a bucket, of the ocean of space. Kinda puts things in perspective doesn't it.

If the universe was the size of Earth and you were to take a grain of sand off it, blow that up to the size of the Earth, then take a grain of sand off *that* Earth and blew it up again, one final grain of sand would *still* be bigger than our entire galaxy.

With that in mind I feel a lot more comfortable about eating an entire cake on my own. I dare you to make less sense. I may be wrong but I believe he is saying that potentially exponential growth proportional to distance traveled equals big fucking sand castles or something   This is unnaceptable. Why are you uploading pictures in which I'm in, without my permisssion!? Stars are also never seen in Space Shuttle, Mir, International Space Station Earth observation photos, or even sporting events that take place at night. The light from the Sun in outer space in the Earth-Moon system is at least as bright as the sunlight that reaches the Earth's surface on a clear day at noon, so cameras used for imaging subjects illuminated by sunlight are set for a daylight exposure. The dim light of the stars simply do not provide enough exposure to record visible images. (This effect can be demonstrated on Earth by attempting to view stars from a brightly lit parking lot at night. Only a few of the brightest stars are visible, and shielding the eye with one's hands only marginally improves the view. Science fiction films and television shows do confuse this issue by depicting stars as visible in space under all lighting conditions.) 