TIFU by programming an auto moderator that became self aware and deleted all new submissions. My gf is a nurse. You guys have the WORST dinner conversations. My boyfriend said the exact same thing- I remember once talking about a time a 87 year old shat all over her wall during thanksgiving dinner with his family.

That was fun. My parents are both medics. Half of the time I don't understand what they say at dinner and half of the time it's just weird.   Nurse here.  Totally not surprised by your story (but pretty amused!). It's amazing how people don't believe the things us nurses have seen / gone through!  Amen brother/sister.

or Hail Satan, depending on your bag.
 I could feel it staring at me, breathing its rank, hot queef-breath in my face, relishing in my misery and torment, it was having the time of its life. Thank you nurse, for doing an essential and demanding job from which most of us would run screaming. I can't promise I won't be demented at 90, but I'll do my best not to become morbidly obese, to make things a little easier for the noble soul who has to wash my arse. See, that's why I screamed for someone to get in and see it, because my knee-jerk reaction was OH DEAR JESUS WHY HAS AN EYE FALLEN OUT HER BUTT?!

I can only assume that she took it out one night for cleaning, misplaced it/got it tangled up in her bed cover and got it caught in her fat folds or something... 

...or she ate it, she was quite fat... more terrifying than SHE ATE HER OWN EYES? Haha I accused my girlfriend of cheating two weeks ago like that

Except then we broke up, broke the lease on our apartment and moved in with different friends and I fucking hate myself for ruining everything Ouch... I guess I should feel lucky for her making a joke out of it. Yeah, frankly I'm surprised she took it so well. Accusing your SO of cheating is normally not a small thing that has no consequences.

Accused my girlfriend of a year and a half of cheating on me when she spent four hours alone with a guy at a party. We broke up. Turns out they literally just talked the whole time. People who trust their SOs I guess. 1) you used the term bust a shit. I love that and shall now use it.
2) The biggest fight I ever had with my first boyfriend was when he thought I was cheating on him (I wasn't) because i had text messages on my phone about plans to hang out with this other guy but it's funny because I actually found out a week later that my boyfriend had cheated on me with a few different people. 
Relationships are funny Finished hard and walked away clean. Well done sir.  &gt; walked away clean

No, he washed his hands in the Men's room. &gt; "I did NOT know I was in here" But Dave, I DID know I could do that That's a great thing to say when you're being accused of rape You should have stayed and washed your hands I the women's bathroom. Assert a bit more dominance. yeah, now they are totally saying “wow, that guy didn’t even wash his hands, gross!" "Oh, Hi....I think I left something her last night"
"What was it? I'll look under the counter."
"Your number."


Go do that.  Walk in with purpose, you're there to ask him out. Don't look for an excuse, just do it, because it's what you want to do. Good luck! Dude, grow a pair of ladyballs and go ask him out. Whether he says yes or no (he'll say yes), you'll still be proud of yourself for doing it and will gain a +1 stat boost in confidence from here on out.

Get out there, we're all proud of you! [Illustrated Interpretation!](http://imgur.com/a/3SQld) [You dingaling.](http://imgur.com/lhawrwA)